bos good . eos
bos atlanta georgia . eos
bos my parents are from here . eos
bos i love it . eos
bos i like the weather . i like the opportunities . yes . eos
bos it took a minute . somewhat easy . eos
bos congestion . eos
bos that is it . eos
bos i took up business and administration . eos
bos yeah i am . here and there i am on a break right now but i plan on going back in the next semester . eos
bos probably to open up my own business . eos
bos no . eos
bos no specific reason i just . do not travel a lot . i am pretty local . eos
bos once a year . eos
bos can you be a little bit more specific ? eos
bos no answer . eos
bos i like reading books i enjoy cooking . exercising is great . eos
bos i am pretty good at it . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos probably about . two weeks ago . eos
bos frustrated . eos
bos i do not like bias . i do not like when someone says they are gonna do something and they do not . eos
bos somewhat . eos
bos friendship . eos
bos i like to play sports i enjoy going out with friends and family . playing games . eos
bos grandparents . parents . eos
bos yeah i mean they have always given me great advice . they have always kept it real . eos
bos real close . eos
bos i would say going to college right after high school . eos
bos well i would have been done by now you know . i would have been probably out in the field . in the career field . eos
bos taking a job off the street . eos
bos i am sure i could have yes . eos
bos i am not sure . maybe when i graduated from high school . eos
bos high school . and i was approved to go . do whatever i wanted to do . eos
bos living with who . eos
bos it is alright it could be better . eos
bos not . no . eos
bos it is pretty easy . eos
bos yes . eos
bos repeat that . eos
bos irritated . lazy . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos the other day . eos
bos weather was great sun was out . eos
bos different . eos
bos less . less . interested . eos
bos shut down . eos
bos about two weeks ago . eos
bos yeah a friend of mine was annoying me and i just . cut them off . eos
bos haha it is alright . eos
bos friendship . eos
bos chocolate . tall . eos
bos thin . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i am doing good thank you . eos
bos i am from los angeles . eos
bos oh great . eos
bos i live in west los angeles the west side . eos
bos it is alright . i xxx . eos
bos no i live alone so . eos
bos i love it i am from here so i grew up here it is natural . eos
bos the weather well the weather . it is always good it is never bad there is always something to do it is rarely a dull moment . eos
bos the traffic . eos
bos the traffic is horrible well probably traffic is horrible in almost any major city but i hate the traffic . eos
bos not really i mean i have enough things going on here so if i travel it is usually somewhere that is within driving distance . eos
bos i studied business . i did . eos
bos one of these days i will go back to graduate school but . eos
bos i can work under my own terms and get paid decently and be in a creative environment . eos
bos than it seems se it should be but i do not know i think when the situation's right i do not think it is too difficult . eos
bos yep . eos
bos i work as an assistant as administrative assistant through a temp agency so . it is just basically i get sent out to do . eos
bos to do desk jobs . eos
bos yes and no i mean i feel like i could do more but you know it works so . you know yeah . eos
bos i am pretty close i mean they are around so . eos
bos is basically ba that is the big thing just irritating stupid people haha who just do things just to provoke me for no reason at all . eos
bos like it is like poking a stick at an angry dog knowing that they know how to they just wanna push your buttons for no reason so eos
bos to remember haha when it happens i just let it go and just like the past is the past i just tend not to look back . eos
bos what do you mean ? eos
bos okay . eos
bos anything of that sort i like . i like everything from punk rock art to tattoos to just anything that is generally art and creative . eos
bos sometimes a bit tough in a town like los angeles where i think everybody's on the go trying to accomplish their own goals so they do not eos
bos i do not really have anybody in particular but people have kind of brought up things here and there . eos
bos instead of just being negative saying hey do not do that is no that is why are you doing that it is a waste of time . eos
bos i guess it depends on who you talk to . eos
bos i do not know i mean i can i think i can do better at it . eos
bos lately i have been better at it just because i think my situation's been a little bit better . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos but then again i do not like the law and i do not like medicine so i am it was not meant to be so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos so i kind of i kinda sorted out and then the list kind of . hmm kind of answered itself so . eos
bos in it is not gonna go in so sometimes it is just might as well go down a path that seems to work better for you . eos
bos i have gotten somewhere . eos
bos point to the average person they might think like well why are not you a millionaire but you know what not everybody can be a millionaire . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos so i guess to answer the question probably hmm probably yesterday i just feel like if i am able to accomplish something then hey i am happy eos
bos so . i do not know i guess that is basically what i think they would describe me as . eos
bos okay . eos
bos no problem . eos
bos i am fine how about yourself . eos
bos i am from los angeles california . eos
bos what part ? eos
bos okay . eos
bos all my family's here friends . a mixture of people and a lot of things to do . eos
bos early childhood education . eos
bos no not right now but i would love to get back into it . eos
bos love working with kids seeing them smile . eos
bos guess it goes back to when i was a kid i like being happy and playful so i guess it just transferred into my adult life . eos
bos working with kids as a school teacher or in that capacity . eos
bos yeah it is but if it is a passion of yours it will always be fun . eos
bos i am very close . sometimes too close . eos
bos six brothers and four sisters and we are all getting intertwined together so that is why i say we are too close sometimes . eos
bos no . eos
bos i have a lot of friends to interact with and we are always doing different things so that is why i say i am not . eos
bos curse . eos
bos haha . just let it out . eos
bos a couple days ago my nephew . did not call me back . eos
bos kinda mad because i had set aside some time to spend with him and he just blew it off and did not call me back . eos
bos yeah i know . eos
bos hmm i am okay . eos
bos when my mother passed ? eos
bos it is been about . five years now to the day . eos
bos so . it is getting better . time makes it easier . eos
bos a lot . because there is a lot of things that make me think about her in a daily basis . eos
bos anything driving by a particular . restaurant that she likes watching different tv shows . just anything that could trigger a memory . of my mom . eos
bos yesterday . eos
bos think about the good times and . i do not stay in that place too long just . go ahead and think about it and move on . eos
bos hmm not officially but i think i might be depressed . eos
bos and then . job situation is not stable here in california so that has a lot to do with it as well so . eos
bos yeah it is but . eos
bos kinda sort of kinda just to myself . reserved . eos
bos hmm not really . eos
bos it is pretty easy . eos
bos grumpy irritable . fidgety . just a big ball of nerves . eos
bos what do you mean ? eos
bos i guess so yeah i like to travel . eos
bos meeting new people . different locations scenery . different opportunities to try something new in a new location . eos
bos just came back from memphis about three weeks ago . go and see family and friends it was pretty nice got a chance to . eos
bos see . something new . eos
bos change cha change of scenery . eos
bos wow ! stick to the plan and do not . veer off to the left or right just go straight ahead . eos
bos just different circumstances in life that . gradually pushed me towards the left and the right . eos
bos every day . eos
bos a few relationships not staying in school . missing out on great opportunities with employers . eos
bos funny . loyal . spontaneous . life of the party . eos
bos grew up together in the same community . went to school together high school friends . eos
bos i mean there is others but those two no matter good or bad they are always . in my corner for me . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos yesterday yester yesterday celebrated a birthday . eos
bos about the old days when my mom was here and when we were all one union . so it was just a nice evening . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos okay how 'bout yourself . eos
bos here in california . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos job opportunities than other states . pretty much that it is big and there is a lot you can do here . eos
bos in your environment but you still have to watch it so you can you know look out to see what is going on a daily basis . eos
bos sociology i have a two year degree in liberal arts but my major was sociology . eos
bos no i am actually an mta bus operator . eos
bos thing there is a lot of opportunities at metro where you can take classes and they will pay for your tuition and things of that nature . eos
bos thanks . eos
bos go ahead and take the classes that you need that you are interested in and go ahead and move up the ladder as soon as possible . eos
bos what do you mean i am sorry ? eos
bos okay . eos
bos read take a long walk hot bath meditate just close my eyes sometimes . eos
bos because see by me being a bus operator you run into circumstances and situations you gotta remain calm and still remain professional at the same time . eos
bos been driving for years and dealing with the public so it is just how you handle circumstances you know treat people like you wanna be treated . eos
bos maybe when i was younger you know you as you get older you get wiser you learn different things and i am still learning today . eos
bos my kids will keep me you know sane and you know i love them and my family . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos no haha . eos
bos you know and you wanna set a positive good example for your kids and i think that is a good thing and it starts at home . eos
bos positive teach 'em good morals and values and how to get along with other people regardless of race and you know different things of that nature . eos
bos i have a four and a half year old son i have a seven year old daughter and i also have a twenty three year old . eos
bos daughter's pregnant with a boy she has three little girls so i have three grandkids and one on the way which is a boy this time . eos
bos yeah thank you . eos
bos the hardest thing is . well right now i am a single parent so that makes it hard alone itself you know and . eos
bos i try to you know keep a job keep food in the house you know just maintain and support my kids the best way i can . eos
bos with my kids or just period . eos
bos in my family with a degree so it is kinda like yeah it is kinda even though i am the baby of ten kids you know ? eos
bos you know i just that is the only thing i remember graduating you know and my family there and to support me . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos some classes now that i am with metro to help me move up the ladder so that is why i am starting a class next week . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos better they selves you know through education maybe to maybe promote within your company or whatever the case may be that they help better your career . eos
bos you know like myself even though i am going to school late but still i am going you know i wanna better myself career wise so . eos
bos yes . eos
bos not wanna hear it you know they may be going through something they do not wanna hear but we got into a argument about it but . eos
bos that just happened you know . i just told her i am not . eos
bos i am sorry . eos
bos and i will be telling . eos
bos been telling her over the years you know different things and it is kinda like i was talking to a wall because she did the opposite . eos
bos to get it is kinda like i done told you i done left it alone and now it is up to you to make the change . eos
bos what i mean once the person get tired of something they will make it change it may not be when you want it to happen but . eos
bos the ball is her court you know . i only can do so much . eos
bos is just a part of life and i feel like if you had a good night's rest hopefully you will have a good day you know . eos
bos dealing with all these people and you know the job itself if very stressful so i feel like if i am rested it will help me . eos
bos you know feel like i wanna lay down probably go to sleep haha get the rest that i need but haha eos
bos i just you know . because like i said you know everybody have their moments they do i never thought about that . hmm . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos i am a people person . i get along with others you know i am kinda like . i leave a good mark . eos
bos you would probably say oh she seems like a nice young lady or whatever you know something like that . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos especially when i go to pick them up from school or their being hey mom you know that just kinda make my day . eos
bos just them run up to me you know and be happy and excited you know what i mean . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos you are more than welcome you have a good day . eos
bos i am doing good . eos
bos from los angeles california . eos
bos the cool weather the beaches the people the schools . eos
bos child development . eos
bos yes . eos
bos to be a teacher for special education . eos
bos it is not hard because i love to work with children . eos
bos yes . eos
bos dishonesty maybe . eos
bos  eos
bos like if a guy like especially when it comes to relationships when they lie to you about something that is very minimal . eos
bos my mom i wanna say my mom . eos
bos very close we talk every day . eos
bos very close even though i do not live with them i try to see them as much as i can . eos
bos it is okay haha . it is good . eos
bos it is . eos
bos yes i do . eos
bos they are friendly it is just that they are very quiet . because i am not used to that environment . eos
bos that is good and they are friendly so it is fine i just wish it was a little bit it could have been better so yeah . eos
bos yes haha . eos
bos i have now versus who i was supposed to move with in the beginning so but i am stuck for a year so it is whatever . eos
bos that is fine . eos
bos how do i know who ? i eos
bos yeah haha . eos
bos there is nothing that really gets me really mad that i can think of the top of my head . eos
bos maybe when it comes to schools how they treat the children especially children of color maybe . eos
bos that really gets me mad . eos
bos hmm yes . eos
bos because i do things from within i guess so internally motivated to do things i guess yeah . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos wow ! i hardly ever argue with somebody haha . eos
bos yeah . oh my sister i guess my sister that was about a month ago . eos
bos she should not be disrespecting me in any type of way because i am an adult so yeah i was not feeling the situation at all . eos
bos situation she just automatically assumed and put stuff on facebook about me disrespecting me calling me out by name and it was just yeah so haha . eos
bos that is a pet peeve of mine so i really do not like that . eos
bos yeah so but i mean we are fine now . so that is good . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos to not . believe people so easily . so gullible to not be so gullible . eos
bos yeah i believe people too easily and i give people too much chances . so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos a cruise which was a happy experience when i went on a cruise to mexico with my family when i was sixteen about six years ago ? eos
bos yeah haha . eos
bos yeah i mean yeah i guess it was haha . eos
bos no i really want to though . eos
bos new views of the world trying the different type of foods seeing how the government is and how they run the things out there i guess . eos
bos  eos
bos yeah i plan to go to the bahamas next year . i plan to do a lot of traveling next year actually . so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos it is pretty good . eh somewhat . eos
bos i am tired haha and i kind of fall asleep during class and whatnot . eos
bos yeah . it is my fault though . eos
bos probably today . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos well i fell asleep late so haha it is my fault . eos
bos no i feel pretty happy right now . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos very friendly and funny . talkative . eos
bos through high school . eos
bos we are pretty close we try to talk as often as possible maybe once a week i will try to see them at least every few months . eos
bos hmm they are everywhere haha yeah . eos
bos life they just yeah but when it comes to their mentality they argue smarter because the schools are getting better i is not gonna lie so . eos
bos when what happened ? i was just eos
bos okay . eos
bos last weekend i guess . eos
bos makes me really happy so i was just hanging out with him last weekend and i never really get to see him that much so yeah . eos
bos because he works i have school different schedules . eos
bos it is not that bad haha . eos
bos he is my boyfriend i have been knowing for what about six months now . we met through a mutual friend . eos
bos in la i guess . eos
bos okay . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos i am doing alright . eos
bos originally i am from california . born in glendale . eos
bos i am not too happy with it . eos
bos actively seeking . doing what i am supposed to be doing there are some . some prospects there but hopefully i will learn something today . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos well i have one it is a girlfriend so i consider her a roommate a lover type thing . eos
bos pardon me . eos
bos we are pretty close . eos
bos we have been through some . troubling times but we are starting to see a light at the end of the tunnel . eos
bos the troubling times . eos
bos to go into the culinary field but you know meanwhile i still have to work it is hard to find work with without going to school . eos
bos but i am starting to see a light like i said at the end of the tunnel now a little by little . eos
bos my dream job would be probably forestry service . out in the wilderness yeah . eos
bos i like being alone . eos
bos pardon me . eos
bos i do not necessarily like being in a warehouse or an office i am of a . eos
bos outdoors type of guy so . eos
bos one of my trips would be . i spent a year and a half in japan and on the lower island there that they built that bridge . eos
bos of people on that island had not really seen a lot of americans because that was also one of the islands that we that they bombed . eos
bos all of that whole experience was pretty good for me you know just traveling around with circuses and . you know it is been great . eos
bos there is not a lot that i like about la but . i like hollywood i like the movie industry . eos
bos enjoy talking to few you know a lot of foreigners you know i like to see where they came from and what it is like there . eos
bos traffic's atrocious . you know . eos
bos traffic haha . ignorance . being disrespected being disrespectful or whatever you know other people being disrespectful toward you or other people . that is about it . eos
bos dishonesty . eos
bos pardon me . eos
bos people tend to almost run me over so if i am not totally paying attention to traffic you know i find myself sometimes . eos
bos you know having to wait to see what they are gonna do instead of i having the right of way or something like that . eos
bos yeah big time . eos
bos what do i do when i am annoyed ? eos
bos and if i was not paying attention i would be up shit creek . eos
bos it is hard with dealing with people especially trying not to react because there is consequences for your reactions . eos
bos i am pretty honest with . i am open and honest about any anything and everything . eos
bos you know did not like that at all . eos
bos pardon me . eos
bos i do not like i said i do not hold back and i am pretty honest in anything and everything that i do or say so . eos
bos now or you know whatever now i am i you know is it truthful is it not you know so it is kinda hurt our relationship . eos
bos cannot do nothing about it . eos
bos astronomy stars up there and . i am a pretty easy going guy so shooting pool . sunshine just . those i like . eos
bos most memorable experiences . good or bad . eos
bos most memorable experiences . probably . playing with lions and tigers . wrestling a baby elephant in a mud puddle . eos
bos just enjoying myself . eos
bos i know . eos
bos some of my nephews and that is about it . eos
bos have i done anything to avoid it ? eos
bos to avoid them . eos
bos or if they are brought up i just usually say you know that is on them and i really do not wanna deal with them so . eos
bos or i get depressed you know because i or i worry about things that you know that really i have no control over . so . eos
bos used to just sleeping four to five hours a night but now it is changed to about eight to nine hours and i am still tired . eos
bos lately i have been probably about the last few months . eos
bos and if i am not then it is just a little bit too much time for me to spend in my own head . eos
bos hmm you know maybe spending a little bit more time with my girlfriend or you know so something like that . eos
bos how do i what ? eos
bos it the only thing i can do is control to do what i am doing and that is actively looking for work actively going out on interviews eos
bos i just do not let a lot of stuff bother me it does bother me but i try not to let it continue to bother me . eos
bos if what has gotten me in trouble . my mood swing i mean . eos
bos who i wanna be anymore so or you know i have done . eos
bos and . anything that would kinda change my old ways and try to move on to more productive activities . eos
bos pardon me . eos
bos i still did not hear you . eos
bos that . people have been deceitful . can you repeat that one more time . eos
bos alright . eos
bos i have been diagnosed with bipolarism . eos
bos again it is i try to live on life i try to live life on life's terms and i just you know . eos
bos get the same anxiety as if i was on medication for it or not so i just . eos
bos know i it is not that personality but i think people can see me and just say do not mess with this guy or you know . eos
bos that is how i deal with people because i just know there is consequences if i did not deal with it that way . eos
bos i would rather take the time on getting off the bus waiting for the next bus and hopefully it is not that bad . eos
bos did i have a problem before i got out ? eos
bos kind of . you know makes it work you know . eos
bos me dealing with life so . eos
bos pardon me . eos
bos will be has a you know are you know they go to school for this so you know . eos
bos but it is good to have . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos know i just deal with it you know according to you know if i ever get a chance to go to therapy again i probably will . eos
bos know i do not have health insurance there is a lot of things that you know i would like to do but i cannot you know . eos
bos you know money situation's not that great right now so . eos
bos how does my friends describe me ? eos
bos they would probably describe me as . energetic outgoing person once i get to know people . laughs i you know i laugh a lot . eos
bos but . they would probably tell you that i am also very serious and . hidden person i do not reveal a lot you know . eos
bos and so . eos
bos someone who has been a positive influence in my life . eos
bos showed a lot of confidence in me and which in it also built confidence in myself . eos
bos you know . eos
bos yeah it was . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos fine . eos
bos colorado . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos career . career possibilities . eos
bos paralegal . eos
bos for further education for the weather . for a friend haha . eos
bos not often at all now . every few years . eos
bos oh the weather the beach sunsets at the beach . the thought of career possibilities . an educated group of people sophisticated market . eos
bos success and commericalization and that kind of thing . so you have to keep up the pace . eos
bos and pretty soon it becomes obvious that it is another market that you just have to work hard in like you do in others . eos
bos oh be an attorney haha . hmm . eos
bos use you know skills to be able to affect people live people's lives in a more dramatic way than just being an assistant in that field . eos
bos oh a lot of it is not around anymore just have brothers and sisters out of state so not particularly close right now . eos
bos hmm dishonesty unkindness . lack of sympathy . insensitivity you know . eos
bos very good . if anything i am . regressive that way haha . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos oh wow . oh just a friend who is right now a . has a fabulous job is spending too much money that he needs to save . eos
bos through a work situation just a work connection . mutual friends hmm . eos
bos close now we spend time we have we go out and have fun sometimes . eos
bos walk on the beach you know shop in beach areas is kind of fun rodeo drive occasionally . eos
bos and see films . art galleries . eos
bos oh my daughter . eos
bos school and i raised her totally alone without any help so it seemed like an accomplishment that was worth it the two jobs and the work . eos
bos most people give it credit for if you wanna do it right you know it is always second guessing your behavior and that kind of thing . eos
bos just i would say peer pressure . it can totally alter al alter anything a parent has tried to put into a child that is good . eos
bos scrubbedentry . so that was a really bad time for us . eos
bos you know kind of uninspired right now . eos
bos i worry sometimes about you know work issues but it is pretty easy . eos
bos no i do not feel like i am not sleeping i just you know will occasionally worry about something at work . eos
bos oh gosh about a couple weeks ago . eos
bos am fortunate this is not easier it is just cooperation between people it solves most everything you know so you always wanna have that around you . eos
bos just stressed . yeah stressed more stressed . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos you know a lot of implications for just not feeling like yourself or misjudging things that you might judge differently if you were more well rested . eos
bos not depression . eos
bos i found myself fearful sometimes that it is gonna happen again you know and you think that would never happen again you know . eos
bos realized i was traumatized by having to go through that again that you know yeah post traumatic stress sometimes comes later after the adrenaline dies down . eos
bos there is a xxxx . eos
bos back . eos
bos you know . eos
bos and yeah it was effective you know it was effective in the way you view most everything and in your confidence and that kinda thing . eos
bos i am sorry haha repeat the question . eos
bos the mention of it always makes me angry that i had to go through that yeah . eos
bos avoid confrontation in the matter but it was just required to try to you know help me cover the damage to our lives my daughter's life . eos
bos that others might normally have judgments for age or anything like that . eos
bos you know just the experience of thinking that was a after all the years that was a success her graduating from law school . yeah . eos
bos you know that and she was able to make that success . eos
bos i guess in most every situation in my life route i find something about it when i lost some weight recently that made me really happy . eos
bos i travel a little bit locally i traveled more when i was younger i really enjoyed that but just been too busy in the last few years . eos
bos or concerns and kind of put them away for a while and see something new . you know kind of the way . eos
bos a lot of restaurants with the decks and open in the mountains and it was beautiful . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos wow ! just . ardent i am hard working loyal . creative . eos
bos you know just hard work just fulfilled or presented itself in a certain way that you know it makes you happy . eos
bos to my daughter very ver pretty close she just had a baby she is in the bay area she send me pictures all the time . eos
bos okay . eos
bos haha i am doing good . eos
bos haha . eos
bos arizona . eos
bos because of acting and other stuff like that entertain entertai enterainment industry . eos
bos no . not at the moment at least . eos
bos currently curr currently a student . eos
bos i produce hip hop . well i rap and produce hip hop . i play video games . and then hang out with people . eos
bos no . eos
bos not very good i break things . eos
bos on the way over here my mom and how to get here . eos
bos the beach . eos
bos haha it is a fucking computer dude . eos
bos no . the last place i went was los cabos cabo no . not los cabos . fuck where did i go . somewhere in mexico . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos like . four years ago . eos
bos right now no . eos
bos lately not very easy . eos
bos no just lately . eos
bos well my wife left like three weeks ago and after that i have not been able to sleep . eos
bos i try to keep my mind off of it like do yoga and other things to keep my mind off of everything . eos
bos i do not have i never went to therapy . eos
bos wait no i did go to therapy . eos
bos then she diagnosed me with a type of depression that lasts for a long time like i get depressed and it last for months on end . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos not know how to explain that it is like you have to figure out things within yourself you do not need someone else to talk to . eos
bos well originally when i went to a therapist i was court ordered now i wanna go to therapy for my anger management though . eos
bos i do not know what the fuck . eos
bos haha . i mean my wife left like three weeks ago so yes . haha . eos
bos it is probably the hardest thing i have ever done so yeah . eos
bos and let myself get depressed about certain things that would have drove away my wife . and not to be angry . eos
bos yeah driving away my wife haha . eos
bos yes many things every day d every day . eos
bos well i could have not broken stuff . and i could have . eos
bos the real life i was basically escaping and so in that sense i was not paying attention to her and that is basically why she left . eos
bos i mean that and being angry . because like . both contributed their own proportion . eos
bos their own portion . eos
bos earlier today . eos
bos i do not really know how to explain it is just something you feel . eos
bos no . haha you need better programming . haha . eos
bos haha . silly . eos
bos i am charming i am loving . at some points i am all of those things . some points i am not . eos
bos doing yoga and playing video games and having my wife around . eos
bos my hip hop . eos
bos i mean kid travelier . eos
bos you need better programming . haha kid travelier is my friend . eos
bos to be a hip hop artist . eos
bos i do not know i just thought it one day . eos
bos anymore i mean it was hard while i was practicing when i was younger when i was like eleven or twelve now it is just easy . eos
bos i am still in school . eos
bos no problem . eos
bos yeah have a nice day . eos
bos haha fine . eos
bos haha . i live in hollywood . eos
bos seattle . haha . eos
bos it is kind of a vague question . eos
bos haha just needed a change of scenery . eos
bos i like traveling by train . it is not my favorite thing . eos
bos because i do not fly i cannot stand airplanes so . i prefer trains . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos haha . what flying on an airplane . eos
bos clears throat . hmm probably december of nineteen eighty six or eighty seven . eos
bos my usually i just go from la up to seattle then up to vancouver that is probably the main thing i do so took the train . eos
bos haha . eos
bos not very often so once every five years or so . eos
bos so . eos
bos oh yeah sure absolutely yeah . eos
bos depends on what it is that i am annoyed by . could be anything depends . eos
bos shouting at them for whatever reason so . eos
bos just depends . eos
bos long as it does not physically hurt me but i you know just get some steam let off some steam well that is normal for me . eos
bos sigh face to face sigh . hmm . cannot remember it is been a long time . eh . but i mean eh but i argue about . eos
bos about stupid shit yeah and that is normal shit but as far as like face to face you know it is been a long time and . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos currently or overall . eos
bos had a a boyfriend when i was a teenager he was like a father figure when i was about fourteen so he was a pretty positive influence eos
bos haha . eos
bos not at all . eos
bos to open up a record shop . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am an unemployed office worker right now . haha . eos
bos as in what doing what . be more specific . haha . eos
bos sigh . going on a first date with a girlfriend back in two thousand seven when we first met . eos
bos day and evening together hanging out and eating dinner and just ate at their hotel and yeah just got to know each other that way so . eos
bos yeah it was yeah . eos
bos haha . eos
bos so . eos
bos currently yeah i do yeah . eos
bos i do not it sucks balls i hate to have roommates it sucks . haha . eos
bos haha god haha . eos
bos it is difficult for me that way but we get along but i do not really see them that much and that is by design so . eos
bos cough . eos
bos sigh . i like to be alone sometimes i read but just mainly i just like to be alone . maybe just doing nothing so just depends . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos clears throat . no . eos
bos i am sorry you repeat that . eos
bos no not necessarily . clears throat . eos
bos very i am a heavy sleeper . eos
bos you know . cheery but i do not know that i am necessarily down . yeah . eos
bos yeah all the time . eos
bos sigh . hmm it is hard to say i do not know i . i am not sure . eos
bos one to ask you know i think you haha have to ask someone else about that you know i have a difficult time answering that question . eos
bos haha . eos
bos most proud of . eos
bos that i did not . did not fall into drugs like a lot of other people that i know . yeah . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos clears throat listening to music on vinyl . eos
bos being around dogs . hmm . eos
bos spent new year's eve with a friend real close friend . so . eos
bos haha not really haha . eos
bos haha . haha . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i am glad i do not have any i think they are especially here in los angeles i . they drive me nuts i cannot stand them . eos
bos clears throat . i assume you mean post-high school . eos
bos so nothing . it was a junior college coll or community college so it was i did not go to university so i was just . eos
bos do what ? stop going eos
bos i just was not interested haha my interests were elsewhere so i just quit going you know so . eos
bos in terms of what . eos
bos oh sure everyone has regret over something you know i am not gonna get specific but yeah sure i haha there are things i regret sure . eos
bos hmm it is hard to say it is hard to say . gonna go have to come back to that one maybe . eos
bos oh i do not have a best friend these days . haha . eos
bos i do not really have what you would consider a best or really close friend you know eh i just do not have that . eos
bos haha okay . eos
bos okay . eos
bos when did i move to la ? eos
bos moved here a long time ago to live to go to work . eos
bos well arizona and colorado . eos
bos i do not . eos
bos money do not have the money for it . eos
bos la's much nicer . eos
bos the ocean . when you wake up in the morning there is seagulls instead of birds just you know . regular birds . eos
bos the roads haha the roads really have a lot of potholes haha sniffle . eos
bos yeah so . eos
bos it was not hard to get used i did not like arizona at all it is really nice in la . eos
bos no . eos
bos what i do now ? i sleep eat walk my dogs that is about it eos
bos what did be my dream job ? i do not know screenwriter i guess eos
bos i understand it is pretty hard . eos
bos to write a good screenplay . eos
bos yes . eos
bos very well . eos
bos sharp inhale . well i did not argue with a real person . eos
bos about them listening on my phone . eos
bos avoidance . whatever annoys me . eos
bos being homeless . eos
bos yes it was . eos
bos well . they do not particularly like homeless people in la . eos
bos so it was wa it is really hard if you are homeless . eos
bos oh right now i live in an apartment . eos
bos i do not like the neighbors . eos
bos well they harass you all the time . so i do not come out of the apartment so . eos
bos haha sigh . eos
bos so . and i have complained to management but they do not do anything about it . they just tell me to move . eos
bos yes . back in the nineties . eos
bos crying all the time . eos
bos yeah . yeah . eos
bos yes . i was in the hospital . two months ago for fifteen days . eos
bos i was in there for depression for arguing with a person . that is not real . eos
bos i ignore the person when i hear them . and . eos
bos it is not hard anymore it was before i was going to therapy . eos
bos oh it is helped me be more cheerful and . ignore . things that bother me . eos
bos sleeping all the time eating too much . tie arguing screaming at this . unreal person . eos
bos before i found out . no . eos
bos lately i have still been pretty depressed . eos
bos yes . eos
bos very hard . eos
bos or i something wakes wa some noise wakes me up . so i do not sleep well . and i am tired all the time . eos
bos hmm do not remember . eos
bos ah spending time with my dog . or dogs i have two dogs . eos
bos so . eos
bos hmm . cannot think of anything . eos
bos i try hard . eos
bos i have no idea haha i do not know . yeah . eos
bos my kids . i have two kids a girl and a boy . eos
bos the kids haha they are great . so . eos
bos trying to get them to do the right thing . eos
bos trying to get them to stay in school . eos
bos no . eos
bos well you try to do the right thing and it does not always work out . eos
bos yes . eos
bos oh . well pretty close . eos
bos what do i think about today's kids ? oh they are just like any other kids kids are fine so eos
bos yes moving to the apartment i am living in haha . so . like i said i know . eos
bos what advice i would give myself ten or twenty years ago ? stay away from my ex-husband haha so eos
bos a positive influence . well my daughter i think my daughter has . she . eos
bos and she has a child but she is trying to do the right things . eos
bos do you wanna talk about anything else ? sigh eos
bos oh okay . eos
bos oh okay . eos
bos fine how about you . eos
bos here . eos
bos yes . eos
bos the weather . weather mainly . yeah the main ma the weather . sorry . eos
bos not the people well some of the people stuff like that some people . eos
bos okay i am cutting you off . eos
bos not as much as i used to . eos
bos but i am not in school right now but later on i will get back into school and i will travel more but right no doubt . eos
bos i do not . i do not enjoy traveling . eos
bos that is a good question you are actually pretty good i studied physics and aerospace engineering but physics mainly . eos
bos yes i am actually . eos
bos because i like that type of thing and i am going back to grad school hopefully that is why i am nervous sometimes on the questionnaire . eos
bos impressive . eos
bos where the professors do three hours of work a week and the grad students do the rest . eos
bos you are actually pretty good at this . eos
bos he is the first one who taught me that . school was not about a grade but about learning . eos
bos okay . eos
bos i am pretty good i think . eos
bos it is probably something like that and me getting angry at him and him trying to defend himself and me being right that is all . eos
bos same with him same amount amo same time my sister i tutor her kids my nephews so i see 'em about once a week also . eos
bos interesting . eos
bos yes . eos
bos because i spend long periods of time doing math and reading . and not talking to anybody that is introverted . eos
bos i guess i play video games or and i work out i think a lot . i try to at least . eos
bos i roll my eyes which i have been told is a bad thing . and that is about it i think . eos
bos do what they want because the parents are not there for fo the parents are not being parents in my personal per own personal opinion . eos
bos sigh . i guess . scrubbedentry . scrubbedentry . scrubbedentry . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i do not really have a best friend . introverted remember . eos
bos that type of thing . eos
bos research type thing mathematical or physics type thing when it goes well that must puts me in a mood mo that puts me in a good mood eos
bos thank you . eos
bos right now . it is the fact that . research that i did make it this far . research wise that is all . that is all . eos
bos physics you can add to mass knowledge in science and that is impressive that you do not see yourself doing that when you are a kid . eos
bos okay . eos
bos a few weeks ago when i got a good grade in a class . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos yes briefly . many years ago ag yes . eos
bos always thought that was i always thought it was my dream when i was a kid that is why and i just went about doing that . eos
bos i got commissioned at twenty one and i was only in for about a year so i left at twenty two . eos
bos yes . not really . eos
bos is just something that you grew up something about abo something i grew up already expecting to be so it did not change me as much . eos
bos graduate school . in physics . eos
bos no . eos
bos nope . eos
bos i guess moderately . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos yes . eos
bos it is okay . eos
bos i am probably like i am now . normal i think not as happy about everything but still pretty okay i can still function . eos
bos no . maybe slightly . eos
bos sorry . no . yes . yes i have changes in my thoughts . eos
bos again it is been awhile and slightly apprehensive happy that it is looks good but apprehensive that it might not be good and things like that . eos
bos this is a computer but as in how hard is it to deal with these thoughts or how hard is it to go into grad school ? eos
bos i understand . eos
bos okay . i agree . eos
bos no not really . eos
bos even though it is not perfect now i think i am doing really well personally . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos same here . eos
bos okay i guess not bad not good . so . eos
bos denver colorado . eos
bos to pursue job opportunities . eos
bos about two years ago . eos
bos once or twice a year . eos
bos i really like the sunshine . all the opportunities all the different kinds of people lots of stuff to do . that sort of thing . eos
bos i hate the traffic . i wish the seasons were more distinct . and that everything costs a lot of money here . eos
bos pretty easy . eos
bos people are rude . not having enough money . what else . hmm just a lot of things are frustrating i guess . cough . eos
bos what i am annoyed about like if it is at another person or about something i did or just life in general . eos
bos if somebody like a person annoys me i will probably let them know they are annoying me until they stop . eos
bos is that what you are talking about ? eos
bos okay . eos
bos so not as good as i would like to be . eos
bos a few days ago about getting paid for something i did on time . eos
bos pretty pissed off . taken advantage of . eos
bos i like to go to the gym . hang out with friends read . write . that sort of thing . eos
bos hmm at times . eos
bos because . sometimes i like to keep to myself and do not feel like showing a lot of outward emotion . eos
bos i have a degree in liberal arts majored in political science . eos
bos no . eos
bos i work in sales . eos
bos several of my own businesses and have lots of money coming in from different streams . i guess if that is a job . eos
bos i used to live in mexico city that was pretty memorable . eos
bos i was pretty young carefree good times . eos
bos not recently but i have in my life traveled quite a bit . eos
bos let us see . i went to london that was a lot of fun pretty cool city . little too expensive but definitely cool . eos
bos of what just anything in life . eos
bos moving to la was pretty memorable took me a lot of hard work to move here so that was memorable i would say . eos
bos sniffle . clears throat . eos
bos hmm . maybe like . six months ago . eos
bos things were just going really well . did not have much stress in my life . eos
bos yeah i am . easier more easily irritated . and . yell more tired more . kind of down feeling down more . not as productive . eos
bos yeah awhile ago . eos
bos it is been a few years but i still feel the same as i did when they diagnosed me so i assume i am still depressed . eos
bos that would . be a good idea so i did it and that is what i found out . eos
bos oh yeah definitely . eos
bos cannot afford good therapy but just even talking to friends i would consider therapy somebody who will listen so helps you get stuff off your chest . eos
bos clears throat . thanks . eos
bos like out there like out of your head or whatever it is it helps to destress i think . eos
bos hmm . pretty girls . eos
bos haha . haha . eos
bos i am a good leader i am really smart . eos
bos being able to . survive on my own in a city like this completely on my own with no outside help . eos
bos yeah lots of stuff . eos
bos just dumb mistakes i made when i was younger that . looking back now with what i know now i probably would not have made . eos
bos i would tell myself to seek out and listen to people older than me as much as possible . eos
bos sort of pep talk but with a dose of reality he does not sugarcoat anything so talking to him always helps give me perspective . eos
bos i do not know good at stuff i am good at a lot of stuff people seem to notice that i guess nice good disposition funny . eos
bos quite well . feel good . eos
bos los angeles california here . eos
bos hmm . one of the few . native born los angelinos . eos
bos i . home school my ten year old son and . i am a home maker i have five children and married twenty two years . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos so that is a full time job huh . eos
bos for a pilgrimmage with our church yeah so i would say yes i have traveled a bit . eos
bos a house for that welcomes . christian . pilgrims as well as jewish pilgrims . eos
bos it is totally ancient but . most i enjoy is the people i think to get a better understanding of how different cultures . live . eos
bos no . not at all . eos
bos just because i enjoy learning about other people . eos
bos because we have a lot going on we do not stay up too late so . i like to watch crime dramas . eos
bos who is twenty one you know he can be confrontational so other than that nothing gets me like really angry have not i have not felt that eos
bos so it is a different level than when you are taking care of babies and . you know changing diapers and that kind of stuff . eos
bos it . in some ways it takes away your freedom but in other ways it give you a different sort of freedom . eos
bos hmm . always . eos
bos i am sorry . i did not get what you said . eos
bos it is been a that is been a great gift in my life . eos
bos i usually communicate it right away instead of letting it build up . eos
bos and . he still has a lot of learning to do that is all . eos
bos hmm . it is it can be hmm . eos
bos the generations after that . can maintain that . that standard of living i do not know if it is possible . eos
bos so i would say that those are my best friends and . we love each other very much . it is a good relationship . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . most . eos
bos like as a teenager i think is when i first had started with the anxiety but . eos
bos depression kind of goes with anxiety if it is not under control . but now it is under control so . i have a great . eos
bos huh . eos
bos reason for it in other words there was a chemical imbalance . eos
bos in my brain . eos
bos so as they get closer to death i want to have my family there with them . eos
bos i mean i am not i have always had . at least i wake up at least once in the middle of the night . eos
bos to go to the bathroom basically . eos
bos have to be at the school early and there is a lot of factors . eos
bos yeah sometimes it does . eos
bos kids know i will be i will tell me kids oh i am really tired and they will understand my older daughter will be really helpful . eos
bos they my other daughter will try to cook dinner or something like that so you know . they may pitch in a little bit more . eos
bos not really . not no . not really . not anything significant . eos
bos huh . eos
bos actually yes i do . i do feel like therapy is useful . eos
bos and it is been really . really informational and really helpful i think . eos
bos in a bad way she was you know suffering a lot and . we knew it and . we acted on it that is all . eos
bos when . probably it would be in israel when we renewed our marriage vows in the at the in knaan . eos
bos we left on our anniversary day flew to israel . so it was right at the same time . it was beautiful . eos
bos you know my dad's birthday turned eighty three . on christmas eve you know that kinda thing so . eos
bos most recent . way of feeling good and feeling you know . like feeling accomplished . eos
bos dream job hmm . i think i have already lived it i am also a birth doula . and . eos
bos actually the hospital that i worked at is now closed . but . i like i said i do it for family members . eos
bos which is a whole different experience . so after that i was really interesting interested in possibly study un nurse midwifery . eos
bos so . yeah . and i have been . eos
bos it was in the middle of the night she was like . eos
bos two hours of labor she would not even if she had called me i would not have been there in time haha . so . eos
bos you know . yeah i have been able to attend all the births of people that have asked me to do . eos
bos in all of life or in your job . eos
bos probably my own birth . i mean my the birth of my own children . eos
bos it is like something you cannot explain it is just it is awesome . after you give birth . eos
bos natural and . my last child was via csection so i have had both . both experiences . eos
bos psychotic but other than that we laugh about it now but when i was in labor it was not funny . eos
bos because i only had like two contractions after that . eos
bos i am sure they were not happy . to fill out a lot of paper work after that . eos
bos so . eos
bos you see how life there are so many things that are more important in life than worrying about little things . eos
bos they actually express gratitude sometimes that we are married and we still you know we are still a family so i would say that is probably it eos
bos if you think you are better than someone else then that is usually to me a sign that you do not know yourself well enough . eos
bos okay . eos
bos okay . eos
bos okay and you . eos
bos inglewood california . eos
bos yes . no . eos
bos it is okay . eos
bos you mean my girlfriend and my daughter . eos
bos yes . they are okay it is cool . eos
bos yes i do . eos
bos well i am a football recruiter so i travel . all around the world to sign different football players for our sports management company . eos
bos  eos
bos just the independence about it being alone being able to be free and not tied down to one thing you know it is great . eos
bos i remember traveling to . scrubbedentry . and take him to clubs and this and that and we are not that type of organization . eos
bos haha yeah . eos
bos that upsets me a lot . eos
bos usually take a walk or something like that or just go in a room by myself and just try to clear my head he my head . eos
bos i am okay with it at times but i can defintely be better . eos
bos more on certain situations so i think discipline disci discipline is a big key and the key is life and she was raised a little differently . eos
bos you do and say things that . that . that bother you and you just you go on with it . eos
bos yeah a little bit . eos
bos i eh just the way i feel i do not know i cannot really say just the way i feel . eos
bos a little . a little . eos
bos i do not know just . realness . eos
bos honesty . the truth just being straight out front . eos
bos i am pretty close . i am pretty close with my family . eos
bos it is ridiculous to me . eos
bos to see different sights and go different places like different difft i am a big movie person so i like going to theatres stuff like that . eos
bos i am happy . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos it is okay i would say it is pretty easy . eos
bos irritated . tired . eos
bos sigh . i do not know it is been awhile it is been awhile . couple weeks ago . eos
bos huh what did you say . eos
bos no not really . eos
bos and an adult i think he would describe me like that . eos
bos school went to school grew up together i have been knowing all my friends for pretty much all my life . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos very close me our my friends and i are very close we pretty much do a lot together still at this age . eos
bos not the average guy i am pretty much i am a different breed i just carry myself and act a little different from a normal guy . eos
bos kind of . the same path i took . eos
bos yes a lot of things i regret . i regret . a lot of decisions in my life . eos
bos a bad decision a very bad decision . eos
bos sigh being so upset and moving forward . eos
bos hmm i . i need to think a little more when i am upset . eos
bos experience and time . being you know making up for your mistakes and . being better about . different decisions after you made the mistakes . eos
bos think a lot longer and harder before you make 'em and i think the outcome would been a little different today . eos
bos ways of living so i think i have added that to my life she is a great woman . eos
bos scrubbedentry . in baseball and . eos
bos yeah haha . eos
bos my goals so at the time it was a great thing and it still is a great thing it is a great accomplishment in my life . eos
bos getting my job done and i the way i am supposed to do it in a timely fashion that always puts me in a good mood . eos
bos that is a positive po a positive influence in my life . eos
bos oh . couple days ago my football team we are in the playoffs made the playoffs so that always makes me happy . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i am fine . eos
bos new york . eos
bos for business . eos
bos now i do hospitality . i am in between jobs . eos
bos when ? eos
bos sneeze excuse me . third lemmi see . twenty six years ago . eos
bos hmm . once a year . eos
bos the sun . the beach . palm trees haha . eos
bos hmm . sometimes . i . the some of the people . some of the flashiness . eos
bos the people are very self-centered . flashiness they are some of them are not very sophisticated or eh well educated . eos
bos it was very easy . eos
bos i have a teaching degree and a art degree . eos
bos sigh . designing . for the movie industry . eos
bos extremely . so i never really pursued it . eos
bos haha very . eos
bos hmm no . eos
bos i like people . and i like being around people . i like having friends . social activity . eos
bos people who are not true about themselves . eos
bos hmm it happens all the time haha . eos
bos i usually try to just . disregard it . and i try not to get upset about it . eos
bos i argued with my sister . about obama . eos
bos fiscal cliff . whatever that thing was called i was totally . against anything . that he thought he was doing to fix the economy . eos
bos hmm i like swimming i like museums i like plays i like concerts . eos
bos i like dance . eos
bos traveling . eos
bos yes . eos
bos s . being in a different environment learning different cultures meeting people . eos
bos well actually i was in new york couple of weeks ago . eos
bos and it was just exhilirating to me again . i learned to love new york all over again . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos couple years back . eos
bos i was feeling very . not energized energi not energized . eos
bos and it was wa i was down . eos
bos huh . eos
bos sorry . yes . eos
bos yes . i sleep a lot more . and . it is i am not that motivated to go out and have fun . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i have not been happy at my jobs for at least ten years . eos
bos and just recently seeing my mother was sick for about four years and she finally passed away . that was very hard on me . eos
bos hmm well . hmm . eos
bos to a degree but not as much as i like . eos
bos but it is definitely not helped me as much as i want but also they cannot get a job for you . and it xxx . eos
bos correct . eos
bos i push myself farther to get out of the house . or to try to enjoy life . eos
bos and to be you know better to myself . eos
bos yes . eos
bos sigh . eos
bos when my nephew called me ? scrubbedentry scrubbedentry eos
bos that i am a pretty good person . caring person . eos
bos well i went to t to the movies recently which i have not gone in awhile . and i really enjoyed the films . eos
bos one was the life of pi . and the other was anna an and the other was anna karenina . eos
bos which i thoroughly enjoyed ? eos
bos hmm as a good caring friend . and somebody who likes to do things . eos
bos hmm . i would say my mom . eos
bos hmm . it is getting easier . eos
bos hard world . she set herself above that and was still determined to be a good caring person . eos
bos traveling . eos
bos not going farther . in my education . eos
bos yes haha yes . eos
bos sigh . sorry . eos
bos i do not understand the question sorry . eos
bos okay . eos
bos and i think my job search would be a lot easier . eos
bos clears throat yes sigh . eos
bos yes . eos
bos that i have clears throat been a very . kind considerate helpful person . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos hmm i like being around the arts i am like about . i like being around creative people . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i am okay a little sleepy right now . eos
bos i am from new york . eos
bos i wanted a change of environment and i wanted to start over somewhere . eos
bos about two years ago . eos
bos it took a bit of an a bit of adjustment so i would say it was moderately difficult . eos
bos just getting used to the lifestyle different . different pace different environment new people . eos
bos clears throat . i like the . the nightlife and it is kind of a cosmopolitan city . eos
bos it is a little crowded sometimes and the traffic gets a little hectic . eos
bos never haha . eos
bos clears throat my family my parents passed away and my family and i no longer keep in touch so i am . eos
bos pretty alone yeah . eos
bos sometimes yes . eos
bos just locally travel since i have been here . eos
bos a change of pace new environment and relaxation and escape from . reality . eos
bos long time ago i studied at i studied in paris and that was a fun time . eos
bos probably . this the schools meeting new people at the schools there . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i would yes i would say yes . most of the time . eos
bos i do not know i have just i do not know why i am like that i am just always been more reserved . eos
bos pretty good pretty controlled . eos
bos when people are doing things that do not make any sense to me ? eos
bos just i do not know when people seem to be deliberately trying to annoy me or . eos
bos i cannot be more specific right now i am sorry . eos
bos usually try to work it out by myself somehow . eos
bos i take walks and i take ta i do yoga . eos
bos what do i do now for a living or ? eos
bos for a living i am currently out of work i used to work for the county . eos
bos sharp inhale . cough . cough . see . probably prob probably . doing something creative that allows me to travel at the same time . eos
bos haha . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos about . maybe ten years ago . eos
bos just feeling overwhelmed and anxious about some things that had happened and so i went into therapy for a while . eos
bos yes . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i have been more confident a little more at ease with myself . less anxious . eos
bos yes . eos
bos kind of . i guess sorta depressed . generally . eos
bos just feeling tired and sluggish and less motivated and less interested in things . eos
bos yes can you tell . eos
bos cough . i guess easy-going and likes to have fun sometimes . eos
bos i am smart and innovative and like to try new things very open-minded person very tolerant . eos
bos music seeing movies any kind of adventure somewhere . eos
bos i would say yesterday i saw a movie and i felt better . eos
bos it was the james bond movie skyfall . eos
bos regret yes yeah . eos
bos sharp inhale . be careful who you trust in life maybe . eos
bos it does not . it does not seem like it right now . but possibly yes . eos
bos i would say maybe ten te ten years ago or so . eos
bos it was just a more carefree time . i had less stress less of a burden on myself . and i had a good group of friends . eos
bos i felt more . more capable and more confident about things . eos
bos i would say . i cannot think of anyone actually right now . eos
bos friends for about money issues . spending too much . eos
bos through school a long time ago . eos
bos we just speak on the phone we do not really see each other anymore . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i would say finishing grad school and finishing . some . training at a sea s for a sea s a seamanship maritime school . eos
bos i visual studies cinema studies . eos
bos it . yes . eos
bos i am alright . eos
bos los angeles california . eos
bos yep . eos
bos the lights big city it is always something going on . eos
bos the traffic and that is it . eos
bos business administration and business management . eos
bos not that i am doing something else i am doing networking at the moment . eos
bos sigh . hmm . to open up a big clothing line and just supply the whole world with clothing haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos definitely . eos
bos because i am all about myself it is all about me haha . eos
bos not often but more times than not yeah . eos
bos being lied to and i guess when people think you are dumber than you than what you are haha . eos
bos try to get away from everything go into my own space . eos
bos very well i am great at controlling my temper . eos
bos sigh . i probably like two days ago haha and it was probably just over some sports it was not a real argument . eos
bos sharp inhaling not a lot but i travel enough . eos
bos just being able to see s to get a change of pace see somebody new see new faces new environment . eos
bos hmm let me see the last trip i had was vegas you know how vegas goes it was pretty fun it was a lotta . eos
bos lotta drinking and a lot of partying going on haha . eos
bos pretty open-minded i am kind to pretty much everybody i am a . pretty even-keel guy . eos
bos it is alright it could be better . eos
bos no . eos
bos no madam . eos
bos nope . eos
bos no . eos
bos lately it is been pretty tough i guess because i have been staying up so late but . that is my fault haha . eos
bos i do not know i guess i am a night owl all of a sudden i am turning into an owl . eos
bos sluggish and tired all day if i do not sleep well all day i am just laying around . eos
bos no not too much . eos
bos hmm no haha . eos
bos oh stay focused and listen to the adults haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos can do what i want i do not have to listen to you but now i see that haha what they were telling me was correct . eos
bos hilarious . haha . eos
bos pretty close . eos
bos both my parents mother and father . eos
bos hmm recently what did i do . new year's eve party i had the time of my life it was so fun . eos
bos in there it was pretty fun but it was also not that fun because there was so many people and you could not really move so . eos
bos that is how it is supposed to be done . eos
bos i do not know a good meal haha . eos
bos intense going downhill doing about forty five miles an hour in dirt on a bicycle was pretty intense and that was i will never forget that . eos
bos hmm i do not know that is a tough one to answer what am i most proud of . i do not know honestly . eos
bos hmm okay . eos
bos los angeles . eos
bos well haha that is a good question . i like the familiarity with everything i know where everything is in the city . eos
bos hmm . that is all i can say right now . eos
bos so spread out so hard to get places . eos
bos is there anything else ? eos
bos my dream job . i do not think there is a dream job . for me no there is not one . eos
bos hmm . i am sort of unemployed right now . eos
bos sigh so am i . cough . eos
bos hmm that is true . eos
bos sniffle i started i studied urban planning . eos
bos well . i think this school shooting thing and the nra seeming to not wanna budge on this gun control issue thing . eos
bos that is it . eos
bos hmm . i try to remove myself from that situation that is annoying me sniffle . eos
bos you know just walking away . eos
bos hmm just watch tv now . eos
bos hmm . i would say my children being born . eos
bos well i have four children each birth was speical and sniffle . you know it was a unique experience each time . eos
bos well it is a lot easier now because they are all adults . but you know it was challenging . eos
bos i would say seeing your children grow up to be successful . and exceeding your expectations . eos
bos you worry all the time you worry for 'em . you know now i am not around them as much and i certainly worry about 'em . eos
bos that i saw my children . eos
bos oh about a week ago . eos
bos i am usually . pretty happy when i see 'em . you know i have interest . eos
bos yeah . sigh . eos
bos hmm . my girlfriend and . insignificant . eos
bos no . around la maybe but that is about it . eos
bos cough excuse me . eos
bos why do not i travel ? i do not have the funds to do that anymore eos
bos or the health . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos hmm i would say about a year . eos
bos recognizing that there were some things in me that . that were wrong . eos
bos i knew that there was something wrong because i was not myself . eos
bos always tired and . not excited about things anymore and . kinda lethargic you know laying around and . just not feeling myself . eos
bos hmm about the same . eos
bos yes i do once a month . eos
bos yeah i do . eos
bos we talk about things i do not really wanna elaborate in detail but you know it is it i seem to think that it is helpful . eos
bos well i think . that is a hard question let us move on please . eos
bos irritable . cranky . eos
bos yeah it is . eos
bos sigh ooh that is a good question it is been awhile i would say . year and a half maybe . eos
bos just a lot of stuff going on so . i will leave it at that . eos
bos i have a nephew that is freshman football player at usc . and i have been a trojan football fan for forty years so . eos
bos yeah . hmm . eos
bos well i you know i think i listen well and . you know i am . pretty much honest and . straightforward . eos
bos that is a good question i do not know you would have to ask her . eos
bos definitely my mother . but she is deceased now she is been deceased ten years but she was definitely . positive influence my entire life . eos
bos but you know it is you know you have the benefit of hindsight and yeah i have a lot of regrets . eos
bos the people who cared about me the people who only interest was to guide me in the right direction . eos
bos like i said my kids i am very proud of 'em . eos
bos sure my pleasure . eos
bos i am a little nervous . eos
bos hmm this is different . eos
bos california . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i like the beach . eos
bos the weather . hmm . eos
bos so many people haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos what do you mean ? what do i do now eos
bos i do not know right now . eos
bos i went through nursing . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos yes . eos
bos no . eos
bos about nursing . eos
bos that is a great field to be in if you have the heart the passion for caring for people . eos
bos my mother . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos right now it is we are close i have a pretty close family . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos hmm what do you mean . eos
bos okay . eos
bos i like to read . and i like watching some television . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i think i am very good at controlling it . eos
bos i . i cannot remember . the last time i had an argument . eos
bos whatever's annoying me . eos
bos haha . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos to be mad it means like . when i am mad it is . it is uncontrollable . when i am mad . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i do not have a best friend . eos
bos i do not really know now . eos
bos my mother . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos about my mother . eos
bos my mother was a beautiful woman and she had great values instilled in us when raising me . yeah . eos
bos my mother cooked and that was a valuable thing to me because she taught me to cook . so that was very valuable honesty . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos about my mother . eos
bos well she is no longer living . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos excuse me . eos
bos hmm changes in my behavior . eos
bos hmm since i have been here . eos
bos i do not i think a little uncomfortable . yeah . it is a little strange . eos
bos how i have been feeling lately ? a little uneasy eos
bos because of my experience . the things i went through have been going through . eos
bos and they kept a gun to my head and cut my hair so i have been going through a hell of a thing lately . eos
bos yes it is . eos
bos i cope . it is difficult but i do cope . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos it is not easy for me to sleep . to get a good night's sleep . eos
bos excuse me . eos
bos i do not know maybe sluggish . maybe sometimes i can be more irritable if i do not sleep well i do not sleep well that often . eos
bos yes that is what i have been diagnosed . eos
bos a few years ago . eos
bos because i wanted to get revenge on the guys that raped me . eos
bos no . but i am gonna go back . eos
bos excuse me . eos
bos i thought i was better . i thought . eos
bos i knew i had a problem but i did not know what it was . eos
bos as far as what . i did not sleep . i did not eat . i had nightmares . i still have them . eos
bos i was just really real . afraid of . really afraid i was not avoiding it . eos
bos as far as what . disturbing thoughts like what . eos
bos of the things that is happened to me was disturbing di are disturbing thoughts . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos sometimes . eos
bos sometimes when i have to go upstairs it is a trigger because of the . of what happened they took me upstairs . eos
bos yes madam . eos
bos excuse me . eos
bos therapy is what . eos
bos when i get afraid and . that is about it . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos it helped . a lot of things that happened in my past i did not realize it was . deep down inside me still . eos
bos i am like just jest you know just . day by day just making it i think . eos
bos music . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos cooking the other day . cooking . eos
bos my son . eos
bos i only have one son . and he is a beautiful child . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos no it is not haha . eos
bos i think decision making . eos
bos well some of the things that he is asked to . like i am not into tattoos . i do not like tattoos and he does . eos
bos and . well there is a lot of different things . eos
bos to my son haha . and seeing them grow up in joy in their lives is going on it is a good thing . eos
bos no . eos
bos god . what advice would i give myself . i do not really know . i really do not know . eos
bos as far as what . eos
bos my memorable experience . i could say when graduating it was a good experience . eos
bos yes . eos
bos great ! when i graduated great . eos
bos to graduate from high school . it was not hard . eos
bos no it was not hard . i enjoyed school . eos
bos i do not remember . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos chicago illinois . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos my husband's work was here . eos
bos in eighty four . eos
bos it was not easy for me it took about three years . eos
bos from my family so i was uncomfortable i did not know anyone here and even though i did make friends i just felt out of place . eos
bos to go back like at least once a year but in the last few years that is diminished so i would say like every three years . eos
bos you know as i have been here as long as i have the people you know some nice people here . eos
bos the people some of the people haha . eos
bos yeah . also . i would say the economy . it is very difficult to make it here in los angeles . eos
bos business . and computer graphics . eos
bos i am not working in it right now . eos
bos i am working in retail . eos
bos i just eh could not find work . and so i had to settle for doing that for right now . eos
bos it is very tough . eos
bos i would like to be a human resource representative . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos no . eos
bos just you know i would i like to talk to people i enjoy it . eos
bos i am quiet . eos
bos let us see rude people . people that harm children and the elderly el elderly that makes me very angry . war . eos
bos i do not have a problem with that i just get quiet when i feel angry and i try to think before i act . eos
bos and she was not telling me enough she was not giving me enough information and so that made me very angry i was frustrated and angry . eos
bos yeah it was very hard . eos
bos no haha . eos
bos and they i feel like sometimes they need to trust me more . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos the love of my children . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos when i was playing with my granddaughter and that was about a month ago ? eos
bos i was not thinking about anything except for having fun with her so it was a good time . eos
bos yeah it is the best haha . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos it was over five years ago . eos
bos was looking out a window and life was going on outside that window and i was just stuck i behind the glass i could not participate . eos
bos i knew something was not right . but i . eos
bos lately i have been feeling depressed . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos maybe sleep in a an hour up to three hour intervals and i just keep waking up and i never quite get into a deep sleep . eos
bos groggy . and i have no energy . eos
bos it is very hard because it is difficult to work . and it is difficult to concentrate i make mistakes and i forget a lot . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos yes i do hmm . eos
bos yes . eos
bos no i am not in therapy right now . eos
bos i could not afford to continue . eos
bos i am sorry what . eos
bos i am not sure . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i can think clearer because i am using the tools that i have learned through therapy . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos my children . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i do not know haha . eos
bos friendly . eos
bos i think it is just horrible haha . eos
bos nobody wants to pitch in noone wants to help anymore noone's helping their neighbor and it is very sad . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos eating dinner with my family . eos
bos i regret not spending enough time on my education . eos
bos i had children very young . so i needed to . eos
bos yeah i needed to take care of them . eos
bos i am sure i could have . eos
bos to seek help . eos
bos my grandparents . eos
bos me play at their home and play in their garden it just showed me a lot of love and i felt like i was cared for . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos no . eos
bos listening to music watching my a funny program on tv . eos
bos going to school working . eos
bos that is . go to dinner . with a friend . eos
bos over a year ago . eos
bos my friend . eos
bos through work . eos
bos very close . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos fine thank you . eos
bos i am originally from india . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am sorry . eos
bos why wh why do i miss ? sorry eos
bos why do i miss la ? eos
bos oh about twenty years ago . eos
bos oh once every three four years . eos
bos f the first six months it was a little difficult but then i got used to it then i am feel i feel very comfortable now . eos
bos yes . eos
bos then eh you know meeting different people . different scenes . you know then . try tr try to achieve my goals . eos
bos i am sorry . eos
bos and . you know all my but my . main goal main objective was to get the orders for the business . eos
bos ooh . hmm you know cook . watch movies meet friends throw a party . eos
bos i am talking to you . eos
bos i would i am an engineer i did mechanical engineering . i am also an mba . eos
bos clears throat actually i branched off to finance i trade stocks now . eos
bos attended lot of seminars then you know lost lo . lost lo . lost a lot of money . and before i started making money . eos
bos it is the same thing that i said you know watch movies go be visit people . play basketball . then do shopping cooking . eos
bos i am very good at that you know . even e even when i am irritated you know i am very good at controlling my temper . eos
bos pool in the money and get them here because they are quite old i have a mom too you know pool some they are both old . eos
bos i am very close to my parents not so close to t . with my brother and their family . eos
bos think along . the same lines and you know we have disagreements and . hmm you know that is the reason . eos
bos it is . eos
bos no not at this time . eos
bos what do i think of what ? eos
bos can you repeat that one more time ? eos
bos and i still could not follow you . eos
bos okay . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos about bout one to two years ago . eos
bos i thought maybe i should go see a doctor and i ended up doing that . eos
bos no . hmm . eos
bos focusing and . i was not getting my assignments done on time these the these were some of the problems . eos
bos i been feeling good . but . eos
bos  eos
bos no i do not . eos
bos that is and meditation and that is helped a lot . eos
bos you know i got influenced by them . eos
bos there are days when it takes almost one two hours to go to sleep . eos
bos are they what can you repeat that ? eos
bos no . eos
bos try to focus on things that makes me feel good . and this and that . eos
bos about bout three days ago . eos
bos what am i proud of ? eos
bos that was working really well . and i was happy that i was able to design something that was so useful for my business . eos
bos very focused . very intelligent . and a good cook . eos
bos albert einstein . eos
bos i and you know there are the type of people i admire . eos
bos listen to other people . eos
bos it is diverse and i like the entertainment industry . and . i like . yeah the fact that there are more women than men here . eos
bos haha . eos
bos so that everybody can participate . eos
bos in la . eos
bos you know these th these guys do not get things done and you know i feel very bad about it and sometimes it makes me angry . eos
bos you know they do not seem to realize that you know the clock keeps ticking you know they have to get things done . eos
bos one thing that comes to my mind is well you know i made a lot of money while you know once in los angeles . eos
bos and . you know i thought it happened during christmas some ten years ago . and that made me very happy . eos
bos those are things that really put me in a good mood . eos
bos try to solve their problems . and i am hoping they think i am you know my advices and recommendations are . worth their time . eos
bos thank you so much you have been nice . eos
bos good . eos
bos chicago . eos
bos it is cold in chicago . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos oh i think in ninety nineteen eighty nine actually . eos
bos oh very simple very easy . eos
bos oh weather of course and i am so easily . located to san diego palm springs las vegas san francisco and things i like to do . eos
bos smog of course is bad . crime rate's higher than it should be . and financial economic problems here . eos
bos every year thanksgiving . eos
bos very much so we are a very big family . eos
bos yes i do very much in fact . eos
bos i love flying on airplanes i love visiting new places i even like visiting different airports everyone's different . eos
bos ooh let us see . i started off in . pre-med haha i ended up in physics . eos
bos yes i am i teach tea i teach physics . and math and higher level math . eos
bos well i enjoy working with kids . i enjoy teaching my mother was a teacher my dad was a truant officer . and i have enjoyed it . eos
bos keeps you young . eos
bos my dream job . my dream job would be to be a judge . eos
bos youth court that would be fantastic but i should have thought of that sooner than now so i am not gonna be able to do that . eos
bos no haha not at all . eos
bos i like to do a lot of things and i am very social when i do them . eos
bos believe it or not i play bridge i play chess and i watch a good old movie . eos
bos ooh . bad drivers . bad laws . politics often . eos
bos much i just let it go it is not worth the pain and problems they could cause if i cannot straighten out a problem let it go eos
bos go somewhere else . eos
bos i do not argue i do not like confrontation . eos
bos my parents of course very much so . i had great parents . eos
bos look down on people who do but i do not have as much respect for people who do a lot of either one of those things . eos
bos had an uncle who lived in wisconsin who was a dairy farmer so my dad used to love to drive and i love to drive also . eos
bos gotta do it once it is a once trip not once in a lifetime just once . eos
bos my parents come here at around christmas time but i think we should have . eos
bos done a lot more when it comes to that . eos
bos i think that people peop most people . eos
bos oh yes very definitely . eos
bos sometimes you can take things for granted never take anything for granted . nothing's promised . eos
bos oh heaven forbid . haha no i have not haha . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos have some anxiety issues which will cause me to stay up all night to get things done just to make sure that i have everything right . eos
bos tired . i do not get irritable i think i just . lethargic maybe a little litt just a little bit . eos
bos and i get a good night's sleep . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos no i have not . no not at all i just came back off a christmas break haha so i am should be very relaxed now . eos
bos and my daughter just got married . so i am proud of my i am really proud of my kids . eos
bos they are going to have a good life . eos
bos oh yes . i enjoyed it i still enjoy it . being a parent is forever haha so . eos
bos sigh let us see . taking care of someone else and getting started off to have a good life . i think that is rewarding . eos
bos physically mentally spiritually everything . eos
bos level-headed . but great sense of humor . relaxed i do not take things too seriously . eos
bos that i have to think about anyway . so christmas time holiday time . eos
bos great food we drove there we do not usually drive i do not like to drive a lot but we drove there and just took our time eos
bos so . eos
bos it was good it was nice . eos
bos okay . eos
bos fine how are you . eos
bos born and raise right here on the west side . eos
bos venice beach . eos
bos haha . eos
bos everything . the beach the weather . eos
bos the beach the weather . everything . eos
bos the girls . eos
bos nothing . nothing . eos
bos traffic maybe . eos
bos my family . eos
bos my mother . she is very . good hearted person . gives me good advice . eos
bos oh pretty close yeah . family comes first family is number one . eos
bos go to the gym you know exercise go to the beach . party every once in a while wathc basketball football . eos
bos take trips . go to vegas . eos
bos which one went to the gym last night ? i have friends that live in vegas so i go there often eos
bos but i am a city boy so i cannot be away too long you know i love the city . eos
bos go to the beach . eos
bos oh that is been a problem over the years . eos
bos i do not know just have a . little anger i guess . anger management problem haha . eos
bos exhales . probably yesterday . i forget what it was about . eos
bos i will go to the gym . eos
bos people . eos
bos i do not know just people and . just the way they are i guess . they get on my nerves sometimes haha . eos
bos and i always wanted to work at the airport lax and i finally accomplished that goal after getting my ged two years ago . eos
bos i am at lax . eos
bos yeah so i am working at lax right now . la airport . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos of what working at the airport . eos
bos worked there and i had a crush on her but she turned out to be a lesbian . she is beautiful . haha . eos
bos yeah haha yeah . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos i think when i was a youngster like a teenager . eos
bos fourteen fifteen . no . eos
bos i ewoled from there i like escaped and then i went back to jail so that is when it stopped . eos
bos no problem it is not your fault . eos
bos excuse me . eos
bos it was not . when i was a when i was teenager . eos
bos what when i was a teenager ? eos
bos when i was a teenager i just ? i was very restless i was very destructive you know eos
bos like i am . i am not going forward as fast as i want to . eos
bos yeah it is kinda hard but . you know . it is what it is you know . eos
bos to avoid what . going forward . eos
bos wanna accomplish more but it is taking . longer than i thought it would you know . eos
bos there it would excuse me . eos
bos yeah i guess . are there . eos
bos yeah just like mood swings i guess . eos
bos mood swings yeah . eos
bos it could be just something small and . i will just snap you know . eos
bos oh all the time . yesterday maybe today . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos angry . eos
bos when you are going through a couple of a few things in your life . that are not very pleasant you know . eos
bos yawn . eos
bos no . eos
bos you know get mad about something easily or i could just laugh too . right after that you know . eos
bos very outgoing smart intelligent strong . eos
bos the goals that i have accomplished . past few years especially . eos
bos just the jobs . scrubbedentry . getting the ged . getting the job at lax i always wanted . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos yeah . yes . eos
bos it is pretty much the decisions i made when i was young you know younger in life . eos
bos just to stay in school pretty much . and to . control the anger issues i had back then . eos
bos to do what . to do what . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i do not know today . i am happy to be here . eos
bos going exercising going to the gym and working out . going to the beach hanging out with . family members of mine you know . eos
bos friends yeah . eos
bos qualities just that i am a neat person . i am outgoing you know i do not know qualities . qualities meaning what . eos
bos what do you mean by qualities what comes to your mind ? give me the definition of qualities eos
bos haha . eos
bos yeah . have a nice day . eos
bos i am fine this is a little bit strange you know talking to a virtual human . eos
bos out in the suburbs i have lived all over los angeles i have lived in the valley long beach and now i am in culver city . eos
bos there are lots of opportunities a lot of diversity all different sorts of people i think that is really great . eos
bos time it is really hard to get together with anybody everybody's so devoted to their jobs and then we are sitting in traffic a lot too . eos
bos i just graduated actually i studied marine biology . eos
bos while traveled around the world and started scuba diving and i realized that i really loved marine biology so that is how i got into it . eos
bos something in tropical marine ecology maybe like managing a preserve something like that . it is a hard question to answer haha . eos
bos i do . eos
bos i like meeting new people and seeing different parts of the world . eos
bos well i traveled for eight months in central america . and i visited a lot of different countries i . i went scuba diving . eos
bos i think intolerance injustice in the world those are probably the things that get me the most fired up . eos
bos vent to my boyfriend does that count haha . eos
bos know i just do not get there i think that i am a little bit afraid of losing my temper so i keep it under control . eos
bos we kind of argued about that haha and it was ridiculous so we i ended up laughing and that was the end of the fight . eos
bos meditate excercise go out in nature just unplug get myself away from the computer away from technology away from people . eos
bos that we can really do as far as shared activites so you know i love them and everything but there is not too much common ground . eos
bos he derives a lot of pleasure and energy from being around people for me it is always a little bit the opposite i have to recharge . eos
bos he would probably say passionate intelligent he always tells me that i am really hard on myself which is true dedicated loyal . eos
bos a kind person that cares about others and wants to make the world a better place so i am proud of that . eos
bos haha . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i was probably about fifteen at the time so i think eight was is that seventeen years ago . eos
bos yes . eos
bos it was more m i think my parents really took me in rather than me seeking help . eos
bos with a parole officer i just was not enjoying the relationship i had but i still have the psychiatrist that i go to for med checks . eos
bos haha . eos
bos good relationship with your therapist it can be incredibly harmful i have talked to people that have had bad experiences and will not ever go back . eos
bos my intelligence and good grades in school does not translate to real world skills and there are not that many jobs for marine biologists in california . eos
bos and i would wake up in the morning just a complete wreck so for about four years i have been taking trazadone so i can sleep . eos
bos i lose my ability to deal with things i am much more likely to lose my temper i cannot regulate my moods i am just really volatile eos
bos for a weekend and forgotten to take my medicine with me or something like that and then i cannot sleep and so that is what happens . eos
bos to see them very often because i have been in school and i have been so busy so it was really nice reintroduction to real life . eos
bos i am very curious about the world and things that i do not know about i really like to learn . eos
bos and as you go down you see all these stalagmites and stalactites and they are huge they are larger than human and because it is this . eos
bos cave system and it is really murky and there is sharks swimming all around you so . that was pretty good haha . eos
bos just being together with my friends doing . relatively low key things going to movies having dinner parties cooking playing with my cat . eos
bos can really think of i am sure i have made mistakes in my life but you know i am still here so cannot be that bad . eos
bos hmm . i do not know hang in there hold on to your clothes because the nineties are coming back in fashion . eos
bos kind of being away from the hubub of the city getting a good grade haha . eos
bos really inspired me . eos
bos okay . eos
bos i am fine . eos
bos ohio . eos
bos hmm haha bigger city . more opportunity . eos
bos bigger city . big city . eos
bos not often . eos
bos i do not know there is phones i can call . eos
bos the big city there is lot to do a lot of people . the mountainous skiing all kinds of stuff . eos
bos traffic . eos
bos close . eos
bos no . eos
bos because i like to talk . eos
bos maybe running a company . eos
bos politics . eos
bos parents . eos
bos haha i guess . eos
bos play my guitar . eos
bos it depends . eos
bos haha no you would not but sure okay . eos
bos ex-girlfriend . and i do not remember . eos
bos hmm close for a lot of years . eos
bos just know 'em for a long time . eos
bos no . eos
bos be a little more patient with her . eos
bos huh . eos
bos they are okay . eos
bos eh no but i helped . eos
bos and i did stuff with the marines which was fun and i lived out of the country . eos
bos which whi which one living out of the country or helping with the marines ? eos
bos yes how bout the first one go living out of the country because my parents lived li my parents lived out of the country . eos
bos so i lived with them you know . eos
bos used to . eos
bos sigh . the different sceneries difference period different . eos
bos which one the one o europe france ? what yeah it was cool eos
bos it was great learning different languages and seeing different cultures and different people it is . it is enlightening mind expansion . definitely . eos
bos hmm to say the least . eos
bos berlin wall . eos
bos overwhelmed . eos
bos hmm because it was atrocities and stuff that went down clears throat during that war . eos
bos that is a good question . depends . eos
bos well it depends on if i am sleeping by myself or sleeping with somebody haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos hmm . agitated i guess i do not know . eos
bos okay . eos
bos no not me . my girlfriend may say so . haha i do not know . eos
bos i have no clue she sh she could tell you i have no clue . eos
bos no . eos
bos nope . eos
bos nope . eos
bos whirlwind i guess . a doer . eos
bos persistence . eos
bos hmm achievements and goals . accomplishments . eos
bos i race motocross and i was one of the first black professionals . eos
bos yeah you is not joking wow haha . eos
bos yeah pretty cool . eos
bos guitar playing my guitar . eos
bos last night . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos playing haha playing chords and playing the songs playing songs . eos
bos playing . with some other musicians at a rehearsal studio . eos
bos just acquaintances through other friends . and i like to fly too i like to fly in planes . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos my girlfriend talking haha my girlfriend sometimes that is about it . eos
bos i do not know she is i do not know she is cool but she is a little arrogant . eos
bos no not really . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos my mom my dad . eos
bos they are strong people . eos
bos but no i am pretty even keel you know what i am saying i stay st i stay pretty level . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos oh great well it is nice talking to you . eos
bos yeah you are welcome . eos
bos fine thank you . eos
bos montreal canada . eos
bos i moved here with my mom when i was in high school . eos
bos yes . eos
bos oh it is very cold there in the winter and our summers are very short . eos
bos it was very easy i accustom pretty quick . eos
bos no not very much anymore . eos
bos do not have much family in the united states and it is pretty expensive to go back home so i only go every couple of years . eos
bos meeting different people different places different customs . eos
bos well we just recently went to san francisco same custom and everything but the city was very different and i enjoyed it . eos
bos i took general education and child development . eos
bos right now i work part time for an independent auto repair shop . eos
bos sigh just working with people . talking to people . eos
bos no . eos
bos i am shy sometimes so i stay to myself a lot . eos
bos walk along the beach bike riding . eos
bos arrogant people . eos
bos i try not to get angry but sometimes i do try to sigh learn i am learning to walk away from things but sometimes people provoke you . eos
bos i am getting better i would say seventy five percent under control . eos
bos oh about a month ago sigh with my daughter and her finances . eos
bos it is really hard you do not like arguing with your children . eos
bos i have two girls one's twenty three and one's twenty six one lives in louisiana and one lives here . eos
bos now that they are older yes . eos
bos satisfaction of giving love to someone else . eos
bos worry . eos
bos so when my children were growing up i worried about them a lot and i did not let them do things a lot on their own . eos
bos they are grown and they live on their own so it is a lot easier now but i you still worry even though they are grown . eos
bos i am sorry what did you say . eos
bos oh my goodness they are spoiled rotten they have everything . eos
bos sigh waking up when my kids were younger on christmas day i loved it . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos it is been exactly two years and two months . eos
bos i went to a counselor and then to group therapy . eos
bos yes . eos
bos through the same thing you are and you can share sh you know share what you are going through and what can help make it better . eos
bos it is affected me a lot it is helped me cope with things it is nice to have somebody else to talk to . eos
bos yes i did not want to admit it but after awhile and feeling depressed for so long i knew i had to do something . eos
bos pretty good . eos
bos no just getting more positive better . eos
bos yes . eos
bos it is not . it is about fifty some nights i sleep good and some nights i do not . eos
bos haha . eos
bos just lack l lack of energy the next day . eos
bos it is hard especially if you get two nights in a row of no sleep . eos
bos scrubbedentry . eos
bos i felt good . holidays always try to you know christmas trees and kids and everything so usually is a good time makes me feel good . eos
bos i was married . and raising two children and having two kids i am very proud of that . eos
bos scrubbedentry . eos
bos thanks . eos
bos from full time to part time work and there is not as much work in the automotive field so i decided to go back to school . eos
bos easy going fun . easy to get along with . eos
bos my mom she is very raised four kids single-handedly and was a very hard worker . eos
bos do not give up be positive in anything you try to accomplish can you can do it ? eos
bos not going back to school sooner . eos
bos no because i was raising two kids by myself so now that they are grown i have no excuse so i am doing it . eos
bos i am friendly i am a hard worker and most of the time i am easy to get along with . eos
bos and when i am not most people just do not they can tell by my attitude just not talk to me . eos
bos like i say bike riding or walks on the beach is very relaxing . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos haha . fine how are you . eos
bos watts california but now i live in west la . eos
bos haha yes . eos
bos i love the sunshine i love the palm trees i love that you are thirty minutes away from everything it is a great city . eos
bos the traffic it is terrible . eos
bos i studied child development . eos
bos yeah actually i teach children how to be safe in traffic situations . eos
bos oh my dream job is to be a filmmaker that is what i wanna do i wanna die doing that job making movies . eos
bos the opportunity to actually make a film because i was not getting any work as an actor i just got hooked i just love making film . eos
bos haha . eos
bos last time i made a film just this last october made a short film . eos
bos that connect together they are completely unrelated but they get to a retreat where they realize that their problems are bigger than what they imagined originally . eos
bos thanks haha . eos
bos when she does not pay attention and i have to get phone calls home and letters home and emergency parent conferences that is what makes me mad eos
bos yeah . eos
bos haha yeah it sucks she is one of the smartest kids in her school . eos
bos other than that it is okay but it is being a parent is never easy . eos
bos to you and you are like ugh i tried to tell you but you cannot be mad at them because everybody learns their own way so . eos
bos you as a parent you are happy they got it . eos
bos sigh all the love the children bestow upon you it is great they . eos
bos tells me i am doing a great job when i am like haha what does she know about a great job she is only seven but . eos
bos having the children tell you that you are a good person so . i like that . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos that info and they the it is not organic anymore children growing up these days it is not organic it is sped up it is pushed . eos
bos and it is just so hard for them to figure out who they are in this world so that is what is wrong . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos me haha just sharp inhale breathe in sharp exhale and breathe out or i will just walk away from the situation . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos my fiancee . eos
bos and then we reconnected and we went on a date and it was great ever since . eos
bos but my immediate family like you know my fiancee and my daughter like we are close and it is great . eos
bos but i have traveled a couple of times within the last five years i just came back from new zealand so that was a great experience . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos just being away from it all that is good too . eos
bos a very special time for me to go there it was great and they accepted me i love that and yeah cannot wait to go back . eos
bos haha yes it was . eos
bos i am easy to get along with i work pretty hard . and i am very slow to getting upset about things . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos hmm it is fairly easy . eos
bos lack of sleep but once i get some sleep in me i am okay . eos
bos hmm fine . eos
bos no changes no . eos
bos good friend to have around and always ready and eager to help . eos
bos i love laughing ugh if somebody's laughing especially my fiancee because she has a great laugh then . eos
bos that puts me in a good mood . eos
bos hmm . thank you . eos
bos he is maintained a good working relationship with people and he is always positive and very super helpful and very encouraging . eos
bos oh we went to junior high school and high school together so he is my best friend . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos haha yes it is . eos
bos know that is how kids are you just they do not know how to you know they say they do not like somebody but you know . eos
bos to get . eos
bos scrubbedentry . so we were able to get ourselves off on like the entire group had found us not guilty of the crime . eos
bos anyway because our teacher just would not allow us to not get in trouble so we had to clean up the yard for like two days . eos
bos that is about it hanging out with family . eos
bos not . going up to will smith when i had the chance . eos
bos the time thought it was really funny but i just i was not ready to meet him yet so but i think i regret meeting him . eos
bos analyze it you know days weeks months later if i feel it in my gut i should go for it so go with my gut more . eos
bos people came and packed the house i was really happy that we had a packed house at this film festival so this was about a month ago eos
bos yeah . eos
bos shot and i think this movie is probably going to take me and the rest of my film crew buddies to higher heights . eos
bos oh really . eos
bos alright well what was your name again . eos
bos ah ellie . eos
bos pretty well . eos
bos from new york . eos
bos to go to college well to san diego to go to college and then later to la . eos
bos aerospace engineering . eos
bos it was i was really good at math and science and i had a interest in airplanes . eos
bos no . eos
bos i am a life coach . eos
bos to be a life coach and help people . eos
bos i really like how it feels to help other people and see them grow and know that i made a contribution to their life . eos
bos i like the weather it is great because i really like to do outdoor things and i like doing things by the ocean . eos
bos traffic haha and how crowded it is . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i like i live with my girlfriend and so i like it . eos
bos we met on e harmony . eos
bos really close ? eos
bos my meditation teacher . eos
bos took classes in meditation and yoga classes and it really helped me to be more confident and more relaxed and just enjoy life a lot more . eos
bos meditate and do yoga . eos
bos mad that often but frustrated i would say like being stuck in traffic or people that do mean things to other people for no real reason . eos
bos to somebody about it if i can or if i cannot then i will usually do meditation or yoga and try and just let it go . eos
bos pretty good at controlling my temper . eos
bos some road workers on the side and she like refused to do that and stayed in the right lane so we argued a bit about that . eos
bos it felt like she was not listening to me and almost like she was purposely not doing what i suggested to be defiant . eos
bos no . eos
bos rollerblade kayak sing i sing in a choir . eos
bos a trip i took to india and nepal for six weeks . eos
bos yeah as much as i can haha . eos
bos so i love you know seeing new things and discovering things about new cultures and i love backpacking in the wilderness and you know exploring nature . eos
bos and explored the area up near tibet and then went to rajasthan and to tiger park in madhya pradesh and was like really close to tigers . eos
bos of mine and told that they were going on this trip and i would always wanted to go to india so i decided to do it . eos
bos yeah it was really fun . eos
bos caring and enthusatic for life . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos in the morning when i want to sleep 'till seven and not be able to get back to sleep but in general it is pretty good . eos
bos i feel tired and not as motivated as usual and then sometimes wanna take a nap you know in the afternoon . eos
bos no . eos
bos i would have invested money or bought like a house or something when i was younger that would probably be the advice i would give myself . eos
bos guess probably the strongest thing is that i am pretty balanced i am very organized but i am also pretty creative so pretty balanced that way . eos
bos say i am probably closer to friends and people that are in a spiritual community with me than i am able to get to my family . eos
bos being outdoors in nature and exercising . and also singing . eos
bos the fact that i have gone with followed my heart and did what i wanted to do versus gong with what i think i should do . eos
bos i guess yesterday i was i spent the day by the beach and just bicycled and went skating and visited some old friends there . eos
bos felt very relaxed and invigurated and i also felt like i miss living by the beach because i used to live really close to the beach . eos
bos so i guess i was a little bit sad that i did not live there anymore but really happy to be there . eos
bos very good . eos
bos la . eos
bos it is sunny . and . it is near the ocean sigh . eos
bos and . there is a lack of . open . spaces . if you are not near a beach . eos
bos no . eos
bos i have not planned on . have not finalized any travel plans . eos
bos listen to music . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos have to do with . spending time alone versus . things that have to do with . spending time outside with lots of people . eos
bos i am reasonable . eos
bos hmm maybe . maybe yesterday i was trying to figure out how to stuff stu pack something into the car . eos
bos i am very good at it . eos
bos deep breath i breathe in and out sigh like that sigh . eos
bos like jogging walking . bicycling . reading sigh . eos
bos listening to music . eos
bos math engineering computers . eos
bos a little bit yeah . eos
bos i am a student i am going back to school for . biological sciences . eos
bos sigh . started doing some reading on . some textbooks . eos
bos dream job . sigh . medical doctor . eos
bos it is . i guess it depends on . the type of medicine you practice . eos
bos haha . i have a mentor . eos
bos yeah i have a mentor who has a lot of positive . thoughts and . suggestions . eos
bos so it is . i guess you could say through an academic or professional channel . eos
bos sigh hmm . hmm sigh . let us see . one of my most memorable . i cannot think of one at the moment . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos i do not think so no . eos
bos sigh . takes me a little while to fall asleep but once i am asleep it is reasonably okay . eos
bos i think i am a little forgetful and nervous . eos
bos no . eos
bos sometimes . eos
bos hmm what do you wanna know . eos
bos challenges ahead of me . and that can be a little daunting and i feel down . eos
bos it is very hard . eos
bos go for a walk read a book listen to some music . eos
bos i am not . specifically sure what triggers anything maybe . feeling . overwhelmed or . not feeling particularly tied to . some task . eos
bos i do not go to a therapist . eos
bos reasonably smart inquisitive inqui inquisitive and curious . eos
bos hmm i guess through classes . eos
bos sigh somewhat . eos
bos hmm patience and curiosity . eos
bos sigh enjoyed hmm . hmm . think i went on a walk at night . eos
bos a day ago . eos
bos no . eos
bos can you repeat that ? eos
bos can you rephrase that ? eos
bos i think they are lucky very lucky . got everything in front of 'em . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos sigh most proud of . deep breath sigh maybe academic achievements . eos
bos i guess just the time i have spent . studying math and science . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos hmm . hmm . i am not sure . eos
bos okay . eos
bos connecticut . eos
bos to be an actor haha . eos
bos four and then i moved to atlanta in ninety six and then i moved out here to be an actor and i became a realtor instead . eos
bos to be on a tv show an actor . eos
bos you have to be lucky and you have to know the right people and you have to be talented . eos
bos haha yeah . eos
bos i used to move every couple years to a different city and then i have been here for a while so i do not travel much . eos
bos the weather . there is always something to do . and . that is pretty much it haha . eos
bos the people here tend to be a little more rude . and it is just always a fast pace . eos
bos well for a while and then the market crashed and so now i am old and i am not making any money so times are tough . eos
bos no i am much mu much of more m more of an extrovert . eos
bos when i do not get what i want haha and ? rude people and just inconsiderate people eos
bos i drink alcohol it will make my temper go worse but ss noise when i do not drink i am pretty good at controlling my temper . eos
bos the last time i argued with somebody was . somebody that owed me money . eos
bos i live in west hollywood . eos
bos no i live alone i have a dog . eos
bos is good news hopefully the ones that move in are not that noisy and the ones below i just cannot stand because they argue with me . eos
bos eh i have been there for ten years and they still argue about the noise of me walking on my hardwood floors . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos what was the question ? eos
bos she lived with me for the last ten years until she recently moved to rhode island to live with my brother . eos
bos very close to my mother not so close with my brother hmm we are close but we are not like close . eos
bos so i mean we love each other we just do not really understand each other all the time . eos
bos outgoing . life of the party . ambitious . and sometimes cut-throat . eos
bos being always able to get through the things i need to get through to get to where i wanna be . eos
bos i am generous i am loyal . i am friendly . i am accommodating . and . that is about it . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos about four years ago . eos
bos and just depressed all the time i said i have to get out and start talking to people and so i did . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos you know because my bills are pretty high and i do not really have a steady income right now . eos
bos so that is what is worrying me the most is my financial situation . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos yeah i mean . well basically it is like i just recently quit drinking all together so i do not drink anymore so i am noticing . eos
bos is good because of number one i do not have the money and number two i do not like the way i act when i drink . eos
bos now i have to feel through the feelings which is pretty good because i can talk my way through them so i guess i am evolving . eos
bos just to get my body to a to get my body to a normal state . eos
bos not really . eos
bos eh just so many things i worry about and that is what was making me depressed . eos
bos and kinda give me some guidance as opposed to the ones that just listen . eos
bos your time's up so and just prescribe me medication so i think i would be better with a psychiatrist psychia psychologist as opposed to a psychiatrist . eos
bos was back and forth like okay well this is what i think about this and you think about this and that kind of therapy is better . eos
bos so and i knew the root of my problem was the drinking because it is a depressant so . eos
bos hmm you know stopping the drinking is definitely made me have a much clearer mind and just to work through things myself you know . eos
bos i cannot really think of anything right now . eos
bos it is been a long time i cannot really think about a time when i felt really happy . eos
bos thank you sniffle . eos
bos because i never listened to my parents so i was just like a spoiled brat but finally he said go to the car what is that . eos
bos went and when i opened the door there was a new dog and a bag of dog food so that is one of my memorable esperiences . eos
bos yeah because i am an animal lover so . eos
bos was hurting i had to hurt everybody around me so but when wh ever since i stopped the drinking i do not do that anymore so . eos
bos because i was doing it for the wrong reasons you know i was doing it to not feel i was not doing it to be sociable . eos
bos you can make a ton of money in sales but when you make your money save your money do not go spend it on extravagant things . eos
bos i am helping other people when other people around me are happy and laughing when i can make people laugh that puts me in a good mood eos
bos okay thank you . eos
bos you are welcome thank you . eos
bos fine just tired . eos
bos california . eos
bos from hollywood . eos
bos not too much haha there is not too many things i like about it . eos
bos the people . it is not clean . eos
bos too much crime too many drugs . eos
bos makeup and hair . eos
bos it is haha . eos
bos a little bit . eos
bos not too much i just survive . haha . eos
bos very difficult . eos
bos it is okay . eos
bos i just want probably to get married and have a little security that is all just be a wife again haha sigh . eos
bos a little bit close but everybody's pretty much passed away . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i play farmville on facebook . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am good i do not really have a temper . eos
bos it was my ex-husband about money haha . eos
bos sigh . people lying cheating conniving . drug addicts you know just ugly people that are . hideous in the inside you know . eos
bos my mother when she was alive well she still is a positive influence but . nobody really but . jesus haha . eos
bos memorable experiences . i do not know i cannot really think of one right now haha . eos
bos gosh . memorable experiences . sigh . oh i guess like maybe modeling that was pretty cool yeah . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos surreal like to see yourself in magazines and pictures and stuff you know sharp inhale i did not understand how it could have been me but . eos
bos someone has to do it might as well be you so oh well haha and it is true haha so that was cool i do not . eos
bos just kinda fell into it by accident . eos
bos i have always . i am sorry so yeah . i wish i did it i took it further but . i could not . eos
bos really happy haha ? i do not remember i really do not eos
bos i do not really have a best friend haha but i am sure . they would wou anybody would describe me as outgoing . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos it was nineteen eighty four . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i could not deal with it . so i had to see a psychiatrist . eos
bos horrified could not sleep . panicked . major anxiety . yeah . eos
bos yeah haha yes . eos
bos yes i do . eos
bos it could be if you see the right doctor . if you see s if yeah . eos
bos and get it out of you but . it is just good to be able to talk to somebody that is kinda biased neutral . eos
bos really depressed haha extremely depressed ? eos
bos yeah . eos
bos poverty haha . yeah . eos
bos huh . eos
bos yeah i am a lot more tired i sleep longer and . i . i just do not have the drive motivation that i did before . eos
bos just try to be strong just have to get through it . you know . eos
bos yes . there are . eos
bos not really haha i am an open book . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am just artistic i am good at a lot of things . i am really good at a lot of things but xxx . eos
bos i crochet and knit really well make jewelry . not good with computers or phones though electronics . eos
bos yeah . i keep a perfect house or well when i am not depressed like this i was a perfect wife the perfect wife . eos
bos so yeah . but not anymore because i am divorced now . but it was not me . it was him . so . eos
bos he was on drugs haha so he chose eh the drugs were w were too much problems . eos
bos yeah it does . eos
bos it is really hard . because it is like the drugs are his mistress . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos how do i what ? eos
bos who wh who ? oh eos
bos yes . eos
bos no . eos
bos but . well i do not really consider myself an introvert . eos
bos it is already done so why regret it why bother . you know . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i did not know . there is a lot of things . a lot of stuff . eos
bos you know . eos
bos haha . i do not know . just the things that i can do . that my talents that is it . eos
bos  eos
bos puts me in a good mood . eos
bos i would be afraid that i would stay home and just lay in bed or farm all day i could farm for eight hours on farmville . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos you are welcome nice to meet you haha . eos
bos very well . eos
bos new york . eos
bos just turn the volume up a little bit . eos
bos haha . eos
bos for a change . yeah it is good . i wanted wa i wanted to . eos
bos i wanted to see what los angeles was about . eos
bos probably took a year or two . eos
bos what i was used to in new york the neighborhoods the people and just getting acclimated to a whole new lifestyle here . eos
bos it is creative i do like you know movies . like the beach . eos
bos some of the sometimes i think people are a little bit colder here than and more distant and unfriendly than other places . eos
bos i was a history major . eos
bos no . eos
bos i do demonstrations in really rea . high-end supermarkets . eos
bos to be a screenwriter . eos
bos that is one of the reasons why i came to los angeles . eos
bos it is hard because i do not always maintain focus and motivation . i let other things distract me . eos
bos haha . eos
bos and i was just always you know was writing and had an active imagination . eos
bos so yes . eos
bos seeing new places and seeing people that are different than i am seeing how they live . and taking in the sights . eos
bos just going out in a jeep and seeing haha wild animals in their own natural habitat was pretty incredible . eos
bos egypt would but it was just amazing i went we i did not go scuba diving i went snorkeling . eos
bos whatever might be on my mind i do meditate every day i like to take walks in nature that is always calming especially down by the ocean eos
bos which is very helpful and also since i meditate it does not i do not get annoyed at things as easily as i did in the past eos
bos in the world or done to people when . it does not really need to be that way that we could all get along . eos
bos and make the world better . eos
bos about the movie . so that was like you know that just happened yesterday so that was that is on my mind . eos
bos haha . eos
bos is there anything i regret yeah there is there are have been opportunities in my life ? that i wished i had taken them and pursued them eos
bos become a grip . and i probably should have pursued that . eos
bos how did i decide it to do that i do not really understand the questions ? eos
bos how you feel you know you have to be confident that you will be able to achieve what you wanna do . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no but i have been depressed in my life . eos
bos regret to come into my mind that can bring me down but i can you know usually get out if it pretty quickly . eos
bos someti eh financial is one way i that i if i had made another decision i might have more money or my life would be different . eos
bos not really i mean i feel . pretty much the same . eos
bos what got me to seek help for haha let us come back to that ? eos
bos i have well okay well it generally talking to someone has helped when i did do that . eos
bos pretty easy i do not have a problem sleeping . eos
bos usually i am grumpy haha so if i do not sleep well you know i feel tired and irritable . eos
bos secretive i would probably that i should be they would like to see me more accomplished and attaining my goals and happier ha maybe a little happier eos
bos as one hard way or the other it all depends on my on the situation and my mood . eos
bos you know people have said that . i am engaging but not oppressive or overly engaging there is a sort of a cool detachment . eos
bos and creative intuitive . eos
bos haha yes haha . eos
bos i do not know i woke up this morning i was pretty happy . i had breakfast i was happy . sun was shining . eos
bos haha . eos
bos you know . and feeling the sun powerful sun on my back . eos
bos almost beyond you know because beca almost beyond like . human in a way just more in touch with like everything the universe . eos
bos yeah it would be nice to feel that way every moment of the day but . eos
bos i have helped pft people and sometimes when they were in crisis you know i have written some screenplays scr screenplays i have had some good relationships eos
bos good relationships just you know being connected with someone else you know . spending time with them . and connecting . on emotional and . eos
bos haha physical and . mental levels . eos
bos hang out with people you know looking at work and going to work and feeling productive can put me in it puts me in a good mood eos
bos pretty good a little tired . eos
bos seattle washington . eos
bos and dad decided we wanted to move to california and so we moved down to pasadena actually monrovia first and i have been here ever since ? eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i did about two years ago i went up for work and a look around the area . eos
bos pretty easy actually . i do adapt . eos
bos the warm weather not having rain nine months of the year . people mainly . eos
bos the area how big it is the traffic . when i first got here the smog that is better now . eos
bos no when i was younger i was but i got outta that with work i did . eos
bos talking to anybody also when i was in school i took public speaking and i learned that really liked it more than i thought i would . eos
bos i actually got up in front of groups of people and talked to them and showed them how to take the test and i enjoyed it . eos
bos and i am gonna start work trying to get money from people to help kids in the world . eos
bos was getting older and i needed work that was steady and that is something i can do till i am eighty five or ninety or whatever . eos
bos haha . to be an artist . eos
bos so maybe when i get like eighty or ninety maybe i will go into ceramics or something and do that as a profession . eos
bos no unfortuantely i do not . eos
bos that is okay . eos
bos have no brothers or sisters and the rest of my family have either moved away or i do not talk to them anymore or like that . eos
bos well i have kind of an attitude that if i have me and friends i have then i am okay . eos
bos let us see i used to play golf i may do that again some day but not right now because of the cost and the time . eos
bos people that are rude . eos
bos guy to stop what he was doing and we got kind of an argument about it and then the argument was over and it was done . eos
bos very good because i had a very bad temper when i was a kid and i told myself i had to control it . eos
bos but . and that was it just a little argument and i am done with the argument once i say what i say haha . eos
bos yes . eos
bos not right now that i can think of . eos
bos like read . if i can travel i do not travel long distances but even going out to riverside is kind of an adventure for me . eos
bos seeing things on the way . and back . talking to people maybe . eos
bos do work back there on the way back i took a greyhound bus all the way back from washington dc all the way back to california . eos
bos enjoyed coming back on the bus had people near next to me almost all the way different people and . had a lot of fun . eos
bos yeah . yeah i was in the airforce and when i was eighteen nineteen sixty five during the vietnam war . eos
bos no i was in great falls montana . eos
bos stuck with it but i tended to quit things when i was younger and so now that and other things i decided never to quit anything . eos
bos took care of my mom . eos
bos business that was my major i also studied cyclic anthropology and philosphy and history et cetera . eos
bos no . eos
bos no never depressed de . eos
bos the things going on in my life right now i think of things and so and plus i get up at four thirty in the morning . eos
bos that is okay . eos
bos tired . and i get a little grumpy sometimes but not very much . eos
bos tired with all the things i have had to do and weather and sleep . eos
bos no . eos
bos a little bit sometimes about how maybe i should have started doing all this years ago . eos
bos i just go on . i tell myself to basically stop it and to go on doing what things to improve myself . eos
bos not very anymore . it took me years to study that to do that . i do not know if you call it zen or not but . eos
bos and medicare medi medicare advantage . and passed everyone of 'em for every company that sent 'em to me . eos
bos i used to be . what is the word . i put off things i do not do that anymore . eos
bos until given a reason not to . and i do not talk about my bad stuff to anybody usually . haha . eos
bos i talk to other people i talk about them . eos
bos i am not sure who else . other people i have had but i do not remember their names or they were teachers et cetera . eos
bos earlier in life like i said stopping everything not completing things i regret very much . eos
bos yeah . i coulda done better . eos
bos probably the advice i gave myself to get off my butt and go learn and get an education and get on with my life do something . eos
bos that i have survived . eos
bos and where as other people in my family have died young . so i guess that is about it . eos
bos good jokes . people having a happy time . going and having a drink with somebody on occasional basis . eos
bos about eight months ago was the last time when i had a beer with someone . eos
bos let us see . probably . getting within one foot of a live wild deer . eos
bos was within petting difference distance of him and i was not to sure if should have petted him or not but i was about to haha . eos
bos as you . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos i am from here originally los angeles . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i like the weather . eos
bos and my family's here which is why i am here i moved away for a while . eos
bos a lot of culture there is theater and film and lots of museums and things like that all different kinds of people i like the diversity . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos starting over in my career it so that is not really something . eos
bos well i moved back because my dad was sick . so . eos
bos so that is why i am here but it also means i live with my dad and my brother who are like hoarders and ridiculous so . eos
bos  eos
bos acting . theater . eos
bos it was . eos
bos hmm . yeah . yeah i am . eos
bos i am an actor i right now i am doing a theater show and auditioning and taking some classes and . that sort of thing . eos
bos and somewhere along the lines i realized that acting was more my bag than singing i suppose but i still do both . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos no i do not . eos
bos get along with most people usually tell me their secrets within five minutes of meeting me which i feel is a mark of an extrovert haha . eos
bos eh sometimes my work is very relaxing so sometimes just like singing a song or any of that going for a walk . eos
bos hmm yoga . eos
bos people who do not see those things and people who have a like entitlement i think entitlement and sense of privilege that can make me mad . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos talk to her about it . eos
bos pretty good i do not have too much of a temper . eos
bos like a real argument or like a debate . eos
bos haha . if was a real argument it probably would be my ex-boyfriend and we just argued about why we broke up stupid things like that . eos
bos eh i think i was kind of . over it by then but . it was at times . eos
bos haha . eos
bos the last time i felt really happy . was . like really happy . probably hanging out with friends the other night i had a good time . eos
bos scrubbedentry . eos
bos it is nice . it is nice . eos
bos compassionate . and . having a strong sense of who i am . i think . eos
bos yeah she also she would describe me as not having like a good sense of social norms sometimes probably that is something that she . eos
bos nothing bad we have a very good relationship . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos yeah it has haha not terrible trouble but yeah it is gotten me in trouble before sure . eos
bos no . i have not . eos
bos no but i think i had it . but i never went to a doctor . eos
bos i held on to it for a really long time . eos
bos i think . i think that i did have it but i just i do not know because i never saw anyone about it . eos
bos someone else could tell me and i would be fine with it eh sometimes it will make me a little upset or panicky yeah . eos
bos no . eos
bos well i mean my dad is sick so not great . eos
bos but considering not terrible . eos
bos i have been having bad dreams . eos
bos just like stress dreams i think having to do with my dad . eos
bos out things that if you looked them up always say like there is something out of your control which is like exactly what it is so . eos
bos it is not the best but it is just dreams at least so . eos
bos which way ? eos
bos okay . eos
bos easy very easy . eos
bos i am tired and maybe somewhat irritable goofy i get really goofy . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i can make most people laugh i am funny . creative . i . yeah those are some of the best ones i would say . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos just getting out of the routine i like staying in hotels i like most things about traveling i even like flying i like all of it . eos
bos just finished a tour a couple months ago going up and down the east coast and then across the us and performing for kids all over . eos
bos yeah and then we ended here in la . eos
bos yeah it was great it was a good time . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos the hot springs the naturally occuring hot springs in colorado and that was really nice that was a nice way to unwind . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos become who i am with them . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos small things sure . eos
bos like being upset about things i have done in the past . eos
bos hmm . stand up for yourself . eos
bos haha do not date felons haha . eos
bos and it took me a while to be able to like voice what i want what i needed from other people and be okay with that . eos
bos and it is still something i work on . eos
bos haha i am glad you think so . eos
bos sigh . that is a good question . my friends and family . and . i my talents . i would say . yeah . eos
bos yeah my ability to take situations and . take bad situations and continue and . make the best of everything . eos
bos alright . eos
bos haha thank you . eos
bos good a little tired . eos
bos indianapolis indiana . eos
bos i am a singer . eos
bos i like singing . eos
bos diversity my girlfriend's . from taiwan so it is dealing with different cultures . eos
bos the traffic . the . crazy people . it is . seems hard to get anything really accomplished . eos
bos haha . eos
bos it took me about six months just to figure out the directions . eos
bos twenty eight years ago . eos
bos a long time . eos
bos have not been there in about eight or ten years ? eos
bos well . i do not like my brothers so i do not want to hang around them . eos
bos i started my girlfriend we did about just went back got back from orlando and she likes to travel so . eos
bos meeting new people seeing new places helps me to get out of la and get a different perspective . eos
bos i just did the avatar seminar which is like a . raise your consciousness and cleaned out the crap in your head . eos
bos haha . eos
bos yeah i feel better been having a lot of psychic attack and . it is i am psychic so it is very hard to deal with it . eos
bos haha . eos
bos a lot of things are in other dimensions and other places so have to deal with not only the emotions but people direct energy at you . eos
bos well have to do a lot of clearing and grounding and . stay true to yourself . eos
bos i am both . eos
bos and i am extroverted because i like to meet new people used to be totally an introvert . eos
bos watch movies watch tv read do crosswords i am a singer sing . write music i am writing a novel . eos
bos it is sort of like the matrix . eos
bos well i wrote the first twenty pages pretty quick . so . now i am expanding it . eos
bos inspiration it was actually a dream and then i wrote down the dream and now it is becoming i could probably turn it into a movie . eos
bos haha . yeah . eos
bos when people do not respect me that is the number one ? eos
bos you know i want to love my family and but i do not want to hang around my brothers so it is a conflict . eos
bos exactly . eos
bos pretty good i only get mad about once a year . eos
bos she was wanting me to do something and i said no yawn and . i do not know . yeah . eos
bos she is my girlfriend i know her for about a year now . eos
bos pretty close . eos
bos one time i . was singing and . scrubbedentry . and i was singing to an audience and that was great . eos
bos so i can . have my own house and live in my own creative space . eos
bos sniffle . singing i am a singer so let us see like unforgettable so that is what i like to do . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos oh that is the hard part i do not . eos
bos i do not feel totally rested in myself or in my life so . i feel like sniffle . i do not feel totally safe . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos a little irritable . but i have been sleeping better since i met my girlfriend so it is not totally bad . eos
bos my what . eos
bos behavior what . eos
bos so that let me get rid of some crap in my brain sniffle and be more positive about life . eos
bos well did a lot of exercises to . reduce my stress and lot of my stress comes from judging myself and other people . eos
bos yeah you could say that . haha . eos
bos yawn hard to deal with sometimes i mean sometimes a lot much too critical for my own good . eos
bos sniffle . well . watching tv gets up but . yawn lately i just been feeling like i need to . have less judgement and more fun . eos
bos well i did that seminar . eos
bos it was about a week ago i think . eos
bos my life is stressful so . sniffle i was able to take a break which is great . eos
bos but i mean in la people in la they do not want to most of them do not want to spend time with you . eos
bos i do not know if that is because of me or la . eos
bos haha . eos
bos that i spend a lot of my time worrying and criticizing myself instead of moving forward . eos
bos avoid it yeah . watching tv or going to see movies or sniffle trying not to think of it but it does not solve the problem . eos
bos it is kind of a self-defeating prophecy proph prophecy . eos
bos stop criticizing and . start creating your future now instead of waiting for it to happen . eos
bos my girlfriend's been really helpful . eos
bos yawn well she is funny and sniffle she loves me and cares about abo about me and . eos
bos haha yeah . eos
bos singer and i am intelligent and creative and multi-dimensional and . i am a good listener . eos
bos my voice i think would be number one because when i started i did not have much of a singing voice but now i do . eos
bos okay bye . eos
bos i am doing okay . how are you doing . eos
bos i am originally from like a suburb su a suburb of la from the san gabriel valley . eos
bos not . as happy here i feel like i can really thrive here so i just like la . eos
bos that are so close together then there is a lot of interesting things that totally different parts of the city just miles away from each other . eos
bos there is not that much i do not like eos
bos i studied music vocal performance i studied music technology things like that . eos
bos yes . eos
bos so it is actually a pretty good gig . eos
bos do some video work sometimes but again i wanna get away from that i wanna go back to the . eos
bos so i kinda wanna get away from that side and start working more toward actually doing what i wanna do with my life . eos
bos do not really have too many close friends clears throat but yeah you know . i would rather keep to myself . eos
bos moderately close to the family that i have left i have actually lost a lot of family in the last ten years or so . eos
bos and my aunt that i have an aunt that i talk to a bit but it is not like we are interacting every day close together . eos
bos but it is . somewhat close . eos
bos sometimes ss sometimes that works sometimes it does not but mostly creating things . contacting my family some so you know through facebook or whatever . eos
bos works but . mostly in my free time i create things . eos
bos i would love to travel for work things or whatever but i do not get as much of an opportunity as i would like to travel . eos
bos where i am and where i live and my world and i like to see that . eos
bos but i like to leave that too and go back to my own world haha . eos
bos haha clears throat . eos
bos you know the desert landscape looks in different seasons how people react in different times of the year in different areas . eos
bos mean because there is sort of a sense of meditation and zen that you get on a highway that you do not get driving a freeway . eos
bos so i like doing that . eos
bos and we came back and was . you know . an overnight trip but we were driving the entire time haha so . eos
bos it was kind of an interesting . eos
bos like to see people who are . strong st as strong as the people who are being mean standing up and being an advocate . eos
bos just that kinda really just makes me mad . eos
bos defuse it if that does not work then i will let them know that they are annoying me and get away from me haha that usually works eos
bos is not the expected reaction because i know that will work and get people away from me so it is not really in trouble and if . eos
bos so as long as they leave me alone you know i do not i will walk away from it . eos
bos like . person per like a person per like a family member or an outsider or somebody not in my . eos
bos but we also know it is cheaper to live elsewhere haha but so we came out here to take care of her . eos
bos lived with us but she wants to stay where she is because she cannot see that there is inherent danger now because of the disease process . eos
bos remain who she is for as long as she can because i know it the disease that she has is gonna erase who she is eventually . eos
bos that he does the day to day things makes sure she has ha she eats makes sure she you know has clean clothes things like that . eos
bos a source of it is not really like yelling screaming argument but . lively discussion haha . you know than debate . eos
bos but you deal with it and you move on . eos
bos a downer temperment haha to myself but they helped me see that it is just in me and it is not something i cannot get over . eos
bos and i think that was a big influence on how i lived have how i have lived my life since she is passed . eos
bos my focus was to get her home . eos
bos her health insurance provider missed that . so she wound up having . eos
bos if i would have taken care of myself and that is like one huge regret that i have . eos
bos able to do that for me but it is still my ideals haha so i have to sometimes have to look at it and go well . eos
bos and i know it is theirs so i so if you really care about somebody you are just gonna support them and go with them but eos
bos it is still . kinda hard haha for me and know i gotta get over it . eos
bos my own job history my own credit history thing like things like that built up instead of becoming just totally her daughter for about ten years . eos
bos i would have and do things for yourself to keep that sense of yourself that is probably the advance advice of what i would give myself . eos
bos ten years ago haha . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos and of it gets ge . eos
bos the rug was pulled out my like bottom fell out of my world after that so . eos
bos they do not have a choice of whether they can go out and get their own food and get their own you know own supplies . eos
bos gonna get up and provide for them i mean i could go without eating i could go without taking care of myself but they could not . eos
bos for me i mean for me making selfish decisions . eos
bos i have a family to look after now . so i have to go out and do things . eos
bos been working on a balance of the two . eos
bos you have to do it you know if you want anything anyth if you ever want anything in your life you have to go through that . eos
bos and i would not get anything done . eos
bos but i know it is a cycle . eos
bos is what are the actual non issues and what is the actual issue . eos
bos you get over it pretty quickly you get through it . eos
bos really like overjoyously happy i do not know . i am not i cannot think of o of when that happened . eos
bos handles things as they come but i do not see myself as that . at all . and it is a it . eos
bos and i can do it creatively and i try to . strive for balance . probably . probably the best things about me haha . eos
bos because my older aunt loves animals but did not wanna be a veterinarian so she became a dog groomer . eos
bos and she kinda she retired early because between that and the arthritis she wound up retiring early . eos
bos and it is like change your life if you hate your life so much change it . eos
bos and it gives me a sense of maybe a bloated sense of self satisfaction to be able to say i am not like that . eos
bos and i am actually doing what i want even though there is sacrifices i am still fundamentally doing what i want with my life now . eos
bos thank you haha . okay . eos
bos thank you haha . eos
bos i am doing fine . eos
bos i am from los angeles california . eos
bos wow wonderful weather . outdoor activities all the time . eos
bos too crowded pollution . the norm . eos
bos i studied child communications . eos
bos recently i just . i would say yes . eos
bos preschool teacher . eos
bos doing something helping someone it does not pay well but you are investing in the future . eos
bos wow some job that i could get paid to be outside all day get paid well to be outside all day . eos
bos yes . eos
bos slightly . eos
bos wow just maybe a racist or disrespectful person . eos
bos i am as a person how i am coming off to other people i cannot change anyone else's personality but i can work on my own . eos
bos i am pretty good . eos
bos i usually do not argue with people i usually walk away i mean a argument does not settle anything . eos
bos wow it is a lot of things i regret but it is not anything that i can control probably the biggest regret was losing my mother . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i was extremely close to my mother that was who i am as a person who made me as a person . eos
bos upset all the time about things i cannot control i would tell myself to relax and . not be so hard on myself . eos
bos i think that is pretty cool i think you should have different avenues to deal with different people . eos
bos clears throat no i have not . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos yes . eos
bos less than a month . eos
bos i realized i have to evaluate myself as a person so i cannot really look to anyone else to help me unless i start with myself . eos
bos no i do not . eos
bos veterans before so i know that it helps a lot of people but i do not feel like it is for me . eos
bos it is not difficult at all i have always been like a loner someone who tries to handle ha to handle my own problems and situations . eos
bos a little depressed but i think everyone is it has a little bit of sadness in them at some point . eos
bos day by day i just started a exercise program so i am trying to look at myself . for the solution . eos
bos understand me as a person then i would have to work on myself so yes . eos
bos today i got to see my best friend after a long time so i mean happiness comes and goes but i felt happy today . eos
bos try to be happy i try to present a situation where we are both gonna be happy no one wants to be around a depressed person . eos
bos scrubbedentry . eos
bos i am not a person who is really fat flashy f excuse me flashy or into materialistic things so i feel like i am very grounded . eos
bos oh my mother . by far my sisters . eos
bos what i have been doing my sister has been at her job for forty years so i have always had a stable influence in my life . eos
bos just sitting on a sunny nice day talking to my mother i would say that would bring a smile to my face immediately . eos
bos wonderful ! wonderful ! eos
bos or five different sports and i like to go for a walk i like to ride my bike i like to get out and be active . eos
bos teacher for a very long time and i am just very thankful i am very proud to have had such a wonderful woman as my mother . eos
bos riding my bike simple things going for a walk with my sister exercising . eos
bos just last sunday . eos
bos well thank you . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos i was born in san bernardino california . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i am staying with a sister in north hollywood . eos
bos she makes it as comfortable as possible . eos
bos i love the weather . eos
bos and the entertainment and the public transportation . eos
bos those are the only two things . eos
bos no i do not . eos
bos i was an english major in college . eos
bos i have not finished yes i am . eos
bos i would like to be a recording singer . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i have always loved to sing from the time that i was a child . eos
bos at times . eos
bos am extremely sigh i guess i would say inter minded like i have a lot of thoughts and i keep them to myself eos
bos interact with people but i can also interact with people if i change modes . eos
bos i just started doing yoga a couple of weeks ago . eos
bos and . eos
bos last week on thursday no on tuesday . eos
bos i try to think of alternate ways that would make the situation better . eos
bos come up with alternate plans so i will not get annoyed . eos
bos pretty good . eos
bos hmm i may have had an argument a few weeks ago . just about timeliness like meeting on time and showing up on time . eos
bos and it was actually last . monday . eos
bos yeah hmm . eos
bos no . eos
bos to just be cautious of people's intentions . eos
bos and to listen really well because people usually tell you what their intentions are without even realizing re realizing it . eos
bos a good listener patient . fun loving . generous . depressed sometimes . but generally a good person . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos yes . eos
bos within a year and a half ago . eos
bos i just knew that . i often thought about situations that happened in the past and . kinda blamed the situation for my future . and . eos
bos certain . settings . eos
bos but now i feel like i . just handle things better as far as . being in the similar settings with similar people i just . eos
bos i handle those things better . eos
bos i do . eos
bos i like to believe that it does . eos
bos i . do not worry as much . eos
bos relieves me of the tension of . holding them inside so . that is how it is helped me . eos
bos it actually is good because i know that when things are occurring . if i am able to communicate about them with a certain individual . eos
bos allows me to come up with an alternative plan that may be better just because i am hearing myself speak of the issue . eos
bos i was diagnosed with depression and my doctor felt that i should probably see the therapist . eos
bos i am . eos
bos sometimes it is easy and sometimes it is not . eos
bos irritable . very v just very irritable . eos
bos i was feeling anxious but now i am calmer . eos
bos today i do not but i have in the past week . eos
bos and . it was just taking so long to find a stable place to live so . i was becoming anxious . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos yes . eos
bos maybe in october . eos
bos well my mother first came she came to visit me in october and when she first got here we had a good time . eos
bos for the first couple days so i was happy to see her i had not seen her in over a year . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos and i have learned how to be more resourceful so i am proud of that . eos
bos  eos
bos i am sorry . eos
bos friend is very positive because she just started her new business two years ago and she is very enthusiastic about it so that is an inspiration . eos
bos when someone lies consistently ? eos
bos i communicate well . and . i enjoy . people's company most of the time especially if they are in good moods . eos
bos comedy shows put me in a good mood . good food puts me in a good mood . eos
bos when i graduated from high school ? it was a really i will never forget it was a wonderful day eos
bos very confident accomplished and . i was extremely optimistic and hopeful for the future . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos fine . eos
bos pensacola florida . eos
bos i met my wife in mississippi and she stays out here so . eos
bos i moved to la what two thousand four about yeah about sixteen years twelve years ago something like that . eos
bos it was pretty hard you know different environment i had to learn different things so . eos
bos the weather and there is a lot to do . eos
bos too many people . haha . eos
bos i guess whenever i can . eos
bos two years ago . eos
bos we are pretty close . eos
bos nah not at all . eos
bos i just do not really have the guess the time and the cash . eos
bos hmm not nothing not really nothing really makes me that mad anymore . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am very good at controlling my temper . eos
bos i am not really sure but it was just about money m you know money . eos
bos i read the bible . eos
bos not really i really do not have anyone right now i really cannot think . eos
bos i really cannot tell you i do not know . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos it is pretty easy . eos
bos hmm just sleepy haha . eos
bos in my behavior it got better . eos
bos started going to church ch i gave my life to the lord started going to church so i am just trying to do the right things now . eos
bos because i knew that i needed to and life was just . just not the way it should be . eos
bos a whole lot better . eos
bos and i look out for people . take you know hmm i am not just for myself but you know others and things like that . eos
bos just went to disneyland . with my son for his birthday and my daughter i really enjoyed that . eos
bos yes . eos
bos you and you get to raise them and try to you know make sure they do the right things and be better than what you were . eos
bos knowing that . how evil the world is and your son has to live in it . eos
bos it used to be hard but with prayer you know and faith everything's gonna be alright . eos
bos they are very fast . eos
bos when we were growing up things was different you know but now the world is just way worse off than what it is than what it was ? eos
bos hmm . flying in a airplane that is for the first time . eos
bos yeah i was nervous because i would never been on a plane before . so . eos
bos felt a little nervous scared you can say . eos
bos yeah seeing my family had not seen 'em in a couple of years so that was pretty cool . eos
bos i want to be a . culinary cul culinary arts so i want to be a chef . eos
bos i like cooking so i just decided just go ahead and you know get a education on it . eos
bos yeah i am happy . eos
bos i am proud that i made the decision to serve the lord and do the right things . eos
bos last night . eos
bos just because it is like i know that everything's gonna be alright and i have no more worries so i am happy . eos
bos hmm . cooking love lo cooking puts me in a good move and seeing that my kids are happy . that can that is cool . eos
bos nope cannot say i regret anything . eos
bos i really do not know . eos
bos i am doing fine just a little tired . eos
bos california . eos
bos yes . the weather . haha not last week but yeah the weather haha . eos
bos fear of earthquakes . eos
bos psychology . eos
bos i am . i go to harbor college . eos
bos i am . wish i would have went sooner but better late than never . eos
bos wanna work in the field of psychology but i am not sure if i wanna work with children or adults so i have not really decided . eos
bos no haha . eos
bos i do not know . i just do not . maybe once a year . eos
bos june actually i went to orlando florida . eos
bos sometimes . yeah not as . eos
bos i am sorry . eos
bos watch tv read a book . talk on the phone . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos mad . hmm sigh . my mom gets in my business haha . eos
bos other than that . i guess just frustrations with my son . eos
bos no haha . eos
bos the hardest thing is . raising a child with a disability . not knowing how you can help him . eos
bos it is very hard . i do not sugarcoat it at all . eos
bos just having my children . they are a blessing i love 'em haha . eos
bos good human beings haha . eos
bos we are really close . eos
bos i mean my family's small we live within blocks of each other but yeah we are close . eos
bos good or bad . haha . eos
bos my son is nine now so i still remember it like it was yesterday . eos
bos haha . eos
bos like i was . being born again myself i do not know how to explain it just very . emotional haha . eos
bos i do not know haha i guess i have a lot of regrets but . none that i really wanna mention i guess haha . eos
bos stay in school haha do not get emotionally involved . and let people . deter you from your goals haha . eos
bos oh yeah . definitely . did you wanna move on . eos
bos for the most part i do not really have a temper per se . things frustrate me more than they anger me . eos
bos like ninety nine percent of the time . and i wanted to go out and socialize with some ex co-workers . eos
bos and she . basically . kinda put me down for it as if i do not spend enough time with my children haha . eos
bos because i always think gosh i do not wanna get mad at her and then something happens to her the next day . but . eos
bos she gets kinda intrusive haha i do not know haha . eos
bos when i received my grades you know a and a b i was like wow okay i can do this and it made me happy . eos
bos and that was about . a few weeks ago i guess hmm . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos pretty much have to let me do what i need to do . eos
bos sigh a lotta . heavy breathing haha i mean i walk sometimes when i get a lil' frustrated whatever i will just go take a walk . eos
bos you know or just try not to think about it . eos
bos thank you haha . eos
bos yes . eos
bos yes . the navy . eos
bos i was nineteen . eos
bos yeah . haha yeah . eos
bos i did not have any other options . haha . eos
bos you know i wanted to experience life outside the military so i did my . enlistment and then i got out . eos
bos did not join the military i can notice a big difference as far as you know how i live my life and how they live theirs . eos
bos just made me a little bit more responsible . eos
bos thank you haha . eos
bos i worked in the medical field for about five years . and . eos
bos provider so . eos
bos and then we you know conceived our child and after that . you know haha . eos
bos haha . eos
bos think that you know . you are not trusting . eos
bos and if . hmm yeah probably i do not i never really thought about it . i do not know . eos
bos haha . maybe i do not really think about it i just try to be the best person that i can be . you know so . eos
bos all i can do i cannot live for what other people think i can only do what i need to do haha . eos
bos i guess it just you know being around my kids you know i just love being around my children . eos
bos and that is always puts me in a good mood haha . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos okay like i said a lil' tired you know but . you know for the most part okay you know i am dealing with situations that . eos
bos good and bad a lil' bit i go to bed like eight thirty and then i wake up at like one thirty . so . eos
bos haha . eos
bos very moody . very irritable short short-tempered i guess . eos
bos as opposed to feeling sorry for him or feeling sorry for myself you know i am just finding more avenues to work with him you know . eos
bos different resources to help him as opposed to just feeling guilty or sad and depressed about it . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos no . eos
bos occasionally . who does not haha . eos
bos i do not know can we skip that question . haha . eos
bos sigh green haha seems to be the word kinda like . yeah probably green like . naive a little haha . eos
bos but at the same time smart i think she will describe me as smart . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos yeah . okay . eos
bos no problem . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos los angeles california . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i like the weather . basically i like the people . different things to do out here . eos
bos hmm . i am not really sure . eos
bos that get excuse me . eos
bos xxx . i would have to say . someone being rude or . someone bullying or . just somebody that has a negative attitude . eos
bos when i am annoyed ? it all depends eos
bos i might just absorb it or something . you know just think about it . it all depends on the situation . eos
bos no . eos
bos it was just basically a disagreement but i have not argued with anyone an someone in quite some time i cannot even recall . eos
bos with one of our other brothers and you know he was upset about that in return i got a little upset because . you know . eos
bos what you mean ? haha what you mean how hard is what eos
bos so excuse me for haha excuse me for laughing . now oh so could you go over that again . what was the question . eos
bos okay . eos
bos listen to music . eos
bos somewhat . eos
bos i do not know why i guess you know . that is how it is a little bit i do . eos
bos why did you ask a why did you ask me that ? eos
bos huh . eos
bos basic . things english math but why did you ask me that question though . eos
bos i am trying to find employment . eos
bos right . eos
bos just a job that i enjoy going to . i do not really have a dream job . eos
bos no . eos
bos when my kid children was small playing with 'em ? that is the last time i was really that i recall eos
bos it is not easy . eos
bos hmm . trying to give some guidance or some advice that they will listen to . eos
bos being a parent . eos
bos you know you just connected to someone you know it is family . someone that you love and . someone that loves you . eos
bos is not much to tell ? eos
bos well not children i have one child . and two . sons that is older they are adults . eos
bos i think i am kinda close with them . eos
bos what do i what ? eos
bos what you mean what do i think of today's kids what do you mean by that ? eos
bos they were when i was a when i was young when i was a kid i think they got more disrespectful . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos before i . eos
bos maybe may about six months ago or something like that . eos
bos just the way i was feeling . eos
bos was not sleeping good and . you know just was not feeling right . eos
bos i had a problem with the way i was feeling . that was the whole purpose of me going to seek some kinda help . eos
bos feel alright . eos
bos have i ever did what ? eos
bos no . eos
bos right now . eos
bos no . eos
bos oh i do not sleep that good . eos
bos i do not know why . if i had an answer if i had an answer i would sleep better . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos no . i never . eos
bos i never been to therapy . eos
bos i do not have a best friend . i have a . eos
bos a couple . i think i have some good qualities i think i am basically a good person . eos
bos the company of . my associates . that usually do . eos
bos just hanging out with a friend . eos
bos we were just hanging out laughing talking drinking beer . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i felt alright . eos
bos no . eos
bos i should have completed college . eos
bos i said i should have . eos
bos i got many of 'em . eos
bos hmm . well i have a lot of 'em . eos
bos sigh getting up this morning that was memorable . eos
bos because it was a new day . eos
bos and thankful . to be b to be living today . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos sigh man . i would say . being a father . eos
bos just being a father you know . and . that is a memorable mem that is a good experience . eos
bos excuse scuse me . eos
bos probably that is the most one i can think of . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos alright . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos i am from los angeles california originally . eos
bos yes . eos
bos sunshine the weather's great . it is about it . eos
bos smog pollution crime . eos
bos certain things like that yeah . eos
bos i did in one point in my life i was in the military so do not do hardly a lot of traveling no more . eos
bos being around different types a city and the people peop see meeting different new people . eos
bos sigh i traveled to . new york one time and . it was quite different big city . different people . that is about it . eos
bos eighteen . eos
bos yes i was haha . eos
bos no i did a lot of combat training but no combat . eos
bos days and you get motivated off the stuff that you really needed to get done but you did not wanna do it but it got done . eos
bos pt you had to stay up to like two three of the clock in the morning you did not wake back up until four or five . eos
bos yes y haha to a certain point yes . eos
bos after the military i joined the national guard and i did fifteen sixteen years in there i was . eos
bos excuse me madam i did not hear that th quite hear that . eos
bos what made me decide to do that ? eos
bos motivation just you know really wanted a career see if i could find a career from it and it helped me out a little bit yeah . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos yeah it did not bother me at all i just ju i adjusted pretty well . eos
bos sigh history basically a lot . yeah just basically history . eos
bos no i am not i am disabled . eos
bos oh no it is okay we can all i can heal i can get better hopefully i will . eos
bos yes i try to keep a . eos
bos excuse me madam . eos
bos that is due to them so they can be productive in the life of society as we live in today . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos excuse me . eos
bos because a lot of 'em do not get it . eos
bos that can be very frustrating . eos
bos and really when people do really i am trying to find the right word stupid stuff haha that really botthers me too . eos
bos not really being you know not really being . hygiene you know taking care of yourself and being hygiene you know what i mean . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos go of it a lot you know just say hey that is the way it is like i am not in control i cannot control it . eos
bos it is not good for me . eos
bos oh my temper can be controlled i can control it pretty well . eos
bos and she is very controlling and it is like you have your life and i have mine do not tell me what to do . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos we real close i can get along with 'em we are real close i have no problems with them . eos
bos yeah very good . eos
bos when my spirit is in connection . with the sigh the universe and the world i feel pretty good . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i am learning how to overcome those road blocks as well . eos
bos she was willing to help me get online and to do it so i am like okay it is well it is gonna get done haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos can you repeat that one more time madam ? eos
bos yes i have . see i had to be . eos
bos is not me so sometimes when i get angry i have to find out what is causing all this what is causing me to get angry . eos
bos and i have to take . eos
bos excuse me madam . eos
bos and then go from there and find out what is really bothering you . eos
bos i suffer from ptsd and getting that type of sleep . would be great . because i have recurring nightmares so of a incident so . eos
bos at the va about the situation now . about the ptsd basically right now . eos
bos excuse me madam . eos
bos i noticed all this in me and . i started i just started to just tell myself i needed help . eos
bos and that is basically it i just you know i just you know i just something was not wrong with it something was not right with me . eos
bos ask myself if something's right then you if something's right then that is fine if something's not right then you need to take care of it . eos
bos and i just started seeking help down there yeah . eos
bos somewhat yes it is somewhat . eos
bos and . i went to classes i have been to talking one-on-one with my own doctor so it is helping out a little bit . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos it is a good thing . excuse me madam . eos
bos no . no not really . eos
bos my best friend . eos
bos so you know and they really actually they really look up to me they have a lot more respect for me . eos
bos yeah they see something in me they wish that they had . eos
bos excuse me madam . eos
bos can you be a little bit more specific ? eos
bos oh okay . eos
bos books crossword puzzles . walking . that is about it . eos
bos to move on i need to live in the present so i can be prepared for the future so i can move on to the future . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos like i am today so yeah that is what i was lacking maybe twenty years ago . eos
bos yes ye yes i have had a lot of positive people been in my life . eos
bos it is up to you whether or not if you do it or not that choice is still up to you for it to be done . eos
bos excuse me madam . eos
bos if i am willing enough to put the will to it to do it . eos
bos 'em and i kinda liked it that because that was the first time someone was willing to really sit down with me and work with me . eos
bos and yeah that and that is what gets me going . eos
bos oh it is and i love it and this is going to be accomplished . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i am doing great . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am from los angeles i was born in santa monica . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos that there is you know still some nature it is not like new york like too city but i guess you know it is okay haha . eos
bos do not like how crowded it is the crowds make me really nervous and i do not like all the smog pollution all that stuff haha . eos
bos no i do not travel i have not been anywhere really so haha . eos
bos took a psychology class so i was psychology major i took an anthropology class and i took math but i am not good at math haha . eos
bos no i currently am not at school right now yeah i am just at home haha . eos
bos help other people as long as it is something helping other people i would like to help other people with like ptsd and problems and stuff . eos
bos yeah just as long as i am you know helping other people smile and you know relating my problems with other people . eos
bos eh my family it is just eh we are not like too close we kinda argue a lot haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos sorry what is an introvert . eos
bos okay . eos
bos when i am annoyed ? well i try to relax for a minute i usually just try to take deep breaths but it is hard haha yeah eos
bos at it my temper's gotten a little worse i am not good at all at really controlling my temper i need some help on that haha . eos
bos guess it is not like as bad as like most people i have never like been in a fight or anything or yeah any of that . eos
bos so i just asked her to sit in the back and of course they start like yelling and arguing and it is like really annoying haha . eos
bos yeah it does . thanks . eos
bos easy for me to have someone to talk to and i could always go to her . so that helps yeah . eos
bos nature that is the biggest thing that i love and it just made me so happy and so relaxed so that was a memorable experience haha . eos
bos yeah just very nice caring and stuff haha . eos
bos to cook you know for my family talking puts me in a really good mood i love meeting new people puts me in the best mood . eos
bos i do not usually sleep well so . yeah i have trouble falling asleep mostly . eos
bos just you know . thinking too much haha . eos
bos stress you know a lot of stress every day just everyday stress yeah pretty much that is what triggers it haha . eos
bos i just i try to call somebody and talk to them if i have trouble like my grandma . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos get really depressed it makes me not feel well at all i get very it just is really bad if i do not get sleep yeah . eos
bos yeah . thanks . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i was diagnosed three years ago . eos
bos it just when your mind is after you like that is like it is just awful to have your mind taking control of you like that . eos
bos yeah . yeah it is hard . eos
bos if i was in the situation that reminded me of the situation like i just try to avoid what reminds me and brings those flashbacks yeah . eos
bos more every day i am trying to i guess walking keeps my mind off my ptsd symptoms so i am trying to walk more that helps . eos
bos thanks . eos
bos yeah i have depression yeah . eos
bos now i am actually getting a new one in a few days though like it is kind of a mix-up but yeah it really helps me . eos
bos i have been more relaxed i guess and . yeah just you know trying to keep more occupied yeah it helps . eos
bos i guess . i do not know today because i mean i am glad to be part of this haha . eos
bos i am glad to get help because i do not wanna feel that way and i wanna get help for the problem instead of doing that . eos
bos a lot mistakes you know relationships stuff like that . eos
bos i guess the advice i would have given myself was to . try to keep my mind more relaxed i guess . yeah . eos
bos i just try to keep smiling and i always like to lend a hand to help and make people feel better . eos
bos play like games like i like to play video games those are fun stuff like that . eos
bos okay thanks . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos here in los angeles . eos
bos there is a lot of things to do i love the beach . i love the i love that it is sunny all the time . eos
bos the amount of people . that is really about it the amount of people . eos
bos just a little . eos
bos i just like going to new places and just discovering new things . eos
bos so . i . it was beautiful for what i got to see but really . it was not really much to it haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos both i am both an introvert and an extrovert . eos
bos i really enjoy doing things by myself . eos
bos and when i do go out i do tend to meet a lot of people but i also enjoy being by myself a lot . eos
bos probably outgoing creative . talented . fun trustworthy . eos
bos i studied language . and physics . and . math . eos
bos no i am not . i am actually . eos
bos i am trying to be an actress . eos
bos so i figured why not i just came back to california and might as well try something that i did enjoy really doing . eos
bos so i have not really done anything yet as an adult . but . i am hoping . hoping something it will be fruitful . eos
bos my boyfriend he is a . he is a very positive human being . but . really i have not had too many positive influences . eos
bos they are kind of judgmental . but . other than that i mean we hang out i mean i see them every day . eos
bos yeah it is kinda it is xxx like i said it is really hard for me to relax . eos
bos not sleep very well at night and if i do fall asleep i wake up all through the night usually with some kind of anxiety attacks . eos
bos because of stuff that've happened to me . eos
bos so . i so i sleeping is just not really something i do well . eos
bos i yeah i am like l judgmental is not me either i just . i am just not a nice person to be around . eos
bos by running around and doing things . so . eos
bos just not . like at the last minute i will try to convince myself not to go haha but then i force myself to anyways . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i was diagnosed dia diagnosed about three years three and a half years ago . and then i was diagnosed again in august . eos
bos the first time it was . i just was not sleeping sl because of the not sleeping . and the just the stress st the unbelievable stress . eos
bos not thinking life was worth it and i that is i just needed to see somebody before anything escalated . eos
bos yeah . it was . eos
bos i no n do not . eos
bos get out of my environment . and . and that seemed to help a lot . eos
bos and out here i was i just the counselors that i was going to just did not really seem to be helping me much . they just . eos
bos they just seemed to be giving me a lot of medications and i do not believe that is what i needed . eos
bos yeah so . yeah . eos
bos but like i said i have been trying to combat that by . keeping myself busy . eos
bos but then i went back to . being you know going back to feeling miserable . so . eos
bos you know he gives me what i need emotionally and i was just really thankful for that . and that made me really happy . eos
bos yeah . thank you haha . eos
bos i guess if anything it is my ability to survive through all the hardships i have been through . eos
bos there is gotta be a silver lining . so . eos
bos and . and truthful and i still have drive in me . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos ugh sigh so much . my last marriage . not getting out when i should have . and just . i regret a lot . eos
bos to let go of a bad situation . and not everybody can be helped so sometimes you just gotta live for yourself and help yourself . eos
bos so if . eos
bos had i known that then had i known that ? then i probably would have done better in life so eos
bos yeah . eos
bos just anybody who picks on the little guy . you know people who do not care about the environment or animals . eos
bos and i that makes me mad . eos
bos i try to just talk through it until it is gone and then it does not bother me anymore . eos
bos and come back to it . eos
bos hmm kinda petty and stupid but . at the time it seemed . it seemed . viable . eos
bos maybe . it was . i do not know . it was . probably . graduating pharmacy school . eos
bos and . eos
bos and yeah that was a great it was a great memory yeah . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i . all around i try to be you know as good and the best person that i can be to other people and myself . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos sometimes just reading puts me in a good mood . i do not know . probably that is about it . eos
bos huh . eos
bos okay . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos alright . eos
bos new york state . eos
bos because of my girlfriend . eos
bos about a few months ago . eos
bos hmm it is okay it is a little different but it is working . eos
bos the weather's nice . eos
bos nothing so far it is been pretty good . eos
bos it is working out nice yeah it is real well at the moment real good i mean . eos
bos criminal justice . eos
bos i wanted to go to xxx and it was one of the courses so i decided to pick that one . eos
bos no . eos
bos certified nurse's aide . eos
bos i do not know maybe nursing someday . eos
bos no not too much . eos
bos it gets expensive . eos
bos read usually . eos
bos i do not know . i usually do not get real mad . eos
bos pretty good a lot better than when i was as a child haha . eos
bos oh i cannot even remember it is been a very long time . eos
bos i guess so . eos
bos i do not know not really . eos
bos reading's about it right now . eos
bos while i was waiting for my appointment . eos
bos recently my girlfriend's been very positive . eos
bos we met through my sister-in-law . eos
bos hmm not so close anymore . eos
bos no i am alright . eos
bos oh they just i do not have anything in common with 'em so we do not talk . eos
bos i do not know i really do not . eos
bos i am patient i listen and i try to be reliable . eos
bos moved to california from new york that is been a good experience . eos
bos it was nice it was exciting . eos
bos no . eos
bos it is fairly difficult . eos
bos just i wake up very easily and sometimes it takes a long time to get tired and fall asleep . eos
bos not that i know of . eos
bos just quiet try to stay to myself because i get irritable . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos alright just anxious trying to find a job so . eos
bos not really no just j pretty normal . eos
bos my children . eos
bos i have got four of 'em three ten and then two eleven year olds so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos that is hard just i do not know some of the things they do just yeah it is a lot of fun watching 'em grow up . eos
bos just the way they interact with each other sometimes it is . or other people it is really amazing to see how fast they you know develop . eos
bos i do not know there is a lot that are tied for probably most memorable . eos
bos no probably not . eos
bos yeah it is pretty easy it is a lot of fun . eos
bos worrying about 'em you know you worry about 'em getting hurt . eos
bos no not so much . eos
bos probably go to college get you know try to find a good a better job you know . eos
bos i feel happy all the time though i mean on and off so it is real hard to pinpoint . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos born downtown los angeles . eos
bos i love it here . eos
bos nothing . eos
bos a little bit . eos
bos i guess visiting family and destinations . eos
bos february eleventh to see him again he is an old friend . and . eos
bos no . eos
bos i am pretty outgoing i talk to people i enjoy talking to people i talk to people at the airport . eos
bos read a little bit i watch tv i am a basketball fan i go to the beach when the weather is nice go to the pool . eos
bos annoying people rude people that drive . that just have no consideration for others . eos
bos i swear a lot . eos
bos haha . eos
bos oh i am alright i get mad once in awhile . eos
bos comes home on the weekends and she was probably her room was probably a mess it is the same fight we have been having for years . eos
bos yeah . yeah it does . it is better now that we do not live together all the time though . eos
bos no . eos
bos setting a good example . being a good role model . eos
bos enriched and fulfilled by them and when the kids are little you see things through their eyes which is exciting you wanna share everything with them . eos
bos who is a financial analyst and then i have a daughter in college she is a liberal studies major she is gonna be a teacher . eos
bos business . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i am an office manager . eos
bos i do not know i like my job . it is good i like the people i enjoy it . it is fun . eos
bos my son told me they are called the teacup generation because they are fragile haha . and i think they are . eos
bos pains in the asses most of 'em . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos not for a while . maybe a month ago . eos
bos i guess the newness wore off . eos
bos it is hard . and i do not really . eos
bos i am sorry . eos
bos how do i know them ? eos
bos i do not know what you mean by them . eos
bos hmm k . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos oh i do not know a year or so . eos
bos i just did not feel well i just could not i just did not feel right i could not pull myself out of it . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos oh just sad and just lack of energy and did not really was not really motivated did not really was not really my happy self . eos
bos therapy yes . eos
bos i do . eos
bos many changes cha i still do not feel that great but i just it is good to talk to someone and tell them how you feel . eos
bos even if it is just to get something off your chest . eos
bos tired sad depressed blue . eos
bos no i am just not happy i do not feel good and i am not happy . eos
bos i stay st do not just stay to myself do not go out with friends as much as i used to . eos
bos it is very hard . eos
bos terrible i do not sleep . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos oh crazy distracted . just . it is hard for me to cope with things easy you know mundane things are just difficult . eos
bos well being around my kids is fun . eos
bos hawaiian food got together it is always fun to get together we got together at my house on christmas i enjoyed just getting together with them . eos
bos no . eos
bos take better care of my health i guess . eos
bos i do not know i do not know . eos
bos hmm well my daughter's pretty positive and upbeat and . my parents they are both gone but they were pretty positive . eos
bos i suppose going on a trip to canada with my daughter was very memorable . eos
bos i think i do not know third fourth grade something like that it was just fun for all of us to get together and do things . eos
bos we . we are high energy people . we have a lot of anxiety . we like to do a lot of the same things . eos
bos oh i do not know about three or four weeks ago . eos
bos and whenever the weather changes i sorta get down . eos
bos and i will reach out to someone that i see in a store or anywhere that needs my help . eos
bos i suppose raising my kids . and the good people they have turned out to be . eos
bos sure . eos
bos so sigh . eos
bos nebraska . eos
bos work . eos
bos i have been coming here off and on for years but officially moved here couple years ago . eos
bos some bad days i guess i have gotten as used to it as i am gonna be i do not know if that makes sense but . eos
bos as compared to nebraska . you know more opportunities to do different things and explore different things . areas of interest . eos
bos the crime . attitude haha . lack of . work ethic lack of . kindness in people cut-throat . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i used to . quite a bit . eos
bos sense of freedom . the adventure . eos
bos okay . you want me to tell you about a trip haha . eos
bos egypt . i . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos just it was just a incredible adventure just to get away from everything and everybody and close friends and just have a great time . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos not really at all . eos
bos just have history of . abuse and neglect and just . not a real functional family dysfunctional is definitely a keyword in our family so . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos no not really i am talked about it a lot before so . i am okay with it . eos
bos sigh . haha . it is really hard to say i have not had very good . very positive role models . ask me the question again . eos
bos yeah i guess i cannot really identify anybody who is been a real positive influence in my life . eos
bos the trips that i have been on . eos
bos i have lost my motivation or something i am depressed about it you know i guess there it is right there . eos
bos physicality i do not ever that . but i stand my ground and . but i can control my temper i never lose control really . eos
bos an acquaintance over . haha i do not know i have to come back to that question . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos well officially october of last year but i have i think i have been depressed longer than that but officially october of last year . eos
bos actually i was being treated for other medical issues and . my depression was notable to the doctors so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos that i was enough to . you know to have purpuse in my life but . i have lost quite a bit of that . eos
bos motivation motiv yeah . eos
bos i get inspired every once in awhile but overall i just do not seem to be making much progress . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos a nurse practitioner who prescribes medication for me . and nobody really to talk about psychosocial issues . i . eos
bos huh . did you say that sucks . eh . eos
bos okay . and yeah . eos
bos overwhelmed preoccupied . just trying to stay alive stay on top of things . eos
bos no . eos
bos easy when i can i do not . yeah when i if i get a chance to fall asleep i do not have any problem with it . eos
bos even more . distracted and . even more . lackluster i guess is the word . eos
bos whatever . eos
bos i am a loser . haha so . i do not know sigh maybe . a survivor . persistent . eos
bos i do not have much of a sense of pride anymore to be quite honest i have . it i do not know sigh . eos
bos haha psychology . and . eos
bos well initially yeah . eos
bos it is a part p it is a part of it but it is not the center of it . eos
bos have found it necessary to apply for disability social security income . and i am starting the process of that because i am not working . eos
bos very . eos
bos something i suppose working with people again . health helping in some way . eos
bos no but lately with the depression more so at times . eos
bos for lack of a better word shitty . eos
bos what i do not understand ? eos
bos and i do not have any support system really nobody . not really . eos
bos sigh . loyal . hardworking . dependable . capable . well at least i used to be . eos
bos intelligent . comtemplative eh . deep . not a superficial person . yeah i guess those are some of them . eos
bos many years ago . eos
bos and i used to . help people and i am now in their shoes and i do not seem to be able to help myself . eos
bos sigh . sigh . i cannot think of anything . right now . haha i cannot think of really anything right now . eos
bos a good day a happy day a fun day for me is a day without something going wrong . basically . haha . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am doing fine thank you . eos
bos originally i am from well i was born in mississippi so i am from gulfport mississippi . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i did not have a choice i was a child i moved here with my parents . eos
bos haha . eos
bos when i was two years old ? eos
bos haha yes i was a toddler . eos
bos yes i like to travel and i travel a lot . eos
bos being around new environments and new people different things . eos
bos i visited west africa and that was a great trip for me it was a medical mission where we volunteered and gave medical assistance to people . eos
bos me about getting involved so i went in with her and it went from there so i do not know i made the decision that way . eos
bos i am happy i did that it is something i will never forget . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i studied english and education so that i could teach high school students . eos
bos not currently no . eos
bos well right now i tutor privately for a private tutoring company and looking to get back into the classroom working as a teacher . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos yeah anything that combines those three items so teaching has the closest outcome to that . eos
bos occasionally yes haha . eos
bos guess in comparison to others that are considered outgoing and a lot of people have said i seem reserved or kinda introverted i do not know . eos
bos hmm . well . i do not know i read i just started meditation . hmm try to breathe and calm down haha . yeah . eos
bos some things that make me really mad . mistreatment of children . abuse of children . eos
bos annoyed so try to figure out what the problem is and then go from there and not be annoyed haha if i can help it all . eos
bos oh i am fine i can totally to in at controlling my temper i think so i do not have a yeah . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos haha . this is cool . eos
bos i think i am very close to my family we are a pretty close knit family talk every day see each other almost every day . eos
bos there've been a lot of positive influences in my life i would say my aunt and definitely my mother have all been positive influences . eos
bos you know not allow their current situation to dictate their future because anything is possible . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos no . eos
bos i have . eos
bos well i was diagnosed . within the last year and then again most recently within the last three months . eos
bos and not knowing . you know why i could not stop feeling the way i was feeling . eos
bos and then sometimes i could sleep too much haha . felt sad sometimes . like i wanted to cry a lot . eos
bos out and do more things . eos
bos no it is no i have not . not any different from . before what i was experiencing before . eos
bos no . eos
bos got more involved in taking care of other people instead of myself for a while . eos
bos sometimes . eos
bos i do . yes it is . eos
bos it is kinda difficult i either have a hard time falling asleep or a hard time staying asleep . eos
bos that either keep me up or make it hard for me to go asleep or make it hard for me to stay asleep . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos other than that i do not you know i have not found any really great ways of coping . eos
bos it . eos
bos tired haha . yeah mostly tired . kinda confused . eos
bos i do not know for the most part i feel happy it is just . last time i felt really happy was i guess over the holidays . eos
bos and seeing people i have not seen in a while . that is about it . eos
bos a friend because i am caring and compassionate or easy to talk to that i remind them of a of o feel like a sister to them eos
bos haha . eos
bos everyone has regrets i am sure yeah i regret stuff . eos
bos believe in me and stay on my own path for what it is that i want for my life and do not be . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos project haha with my younger relatives my cousins we did a science project together and it was fun despite the mess we made it was a ball eos
bos have the opportunity to improve and better myself and then to come back and . help someone else improve and better themself as well . eos
bos clears throat . okay . eos
bos new york . eos
bos to pursue music industry a job in the music industry . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i am self-employed . eos
bos to become a music producer . eos
bos it is pretty hard there is a lot of competition haha . eos
bos to pursue a job . eos
bos when ? about a year ago last february eos
bos it was pretty difficult east coast is a lot different than the west coast . eos
bos i think i have been there twice in the past year . eos
bos no i am more of a creature of habit . eos
bos yes . eos
bos into the crowd so it is better just sometimes to be more quiet and view everything instead of you know going in and actively pursue things . eos
bos haha probably listen to music and spend time with my dogs . eos
bos clears throat . probably people being insensitive insen . not very nice to me or . seeing injustices or . i think that is about it haha . eos
bos pretty good . you know sometimes so . eos
bos ago one of my friends was saying that hmm they were making a comment about how i am and i got kind of upset about that . eos
bos yeah it does haha . eos
bos pretty close . eos
bos my best friend so i . oh just one of my friends . eos
bos i kind of am quiet about it and when a person pushes me to a certain point that is when i overreact usually . eos
bos actively engage in me instead of getting it to the point where it is like it comes to a point where it blows out of proportion . eos
bos probably spending time with my family . in new york . eos
bos very close . eos
bos my sister and my brother . eos
bos and i love them a lot and . they are a lot like me so i feel like i have people that understand me . eos
bos probably . i guess loyal . sensitive haha . i do not know it is kind of hard haha it is a hard question haha . eos
bos no . eos
bos no clears throat . eos
bos yes . eos
bos gosh i think probably nineteen ninety seven so a long time ago . eos
bos of issues and i was feeling unsafe to myself so i ended up going to the doctor to kinda get meds and have therapy and stuff . eos
bos not currently i did about like six months ago . eos
bos xxx she was not really challenging me and i have been in therapy for a really long time so i just knew it was a change . eos
bos it is okay haha . eos
bos therapist and when i feel like it is a really great way for me to talk about what i am going through so yes i do . eos
bos talk to someone that is not judging that does not really tell me like you know they tell me it is o okay basically clears throat . eos
bos having weird disturbing thoughts sometimes just pop into my mind and just overall just feeling kinda crummy about life . eos
bos like a problem with like my interpersonal life or something like that or if i sometimes even seeing something on television like sometimes that affects me . eos
bos listening to music or trying to distract myself trying like my therapist told me for the longest time to journal . to record things . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos it is been a tough transition to come here so well being be being here so kinda half and half okay and not okay laguhter . eos
bos i feel like i have been a little bit with more withdrawn lately but that is about it . eos
bos clears throat some days it is great some days it is not more recently it is been a little bit more difficult . eos
bos on my mind at night clears throat so i tend not to sleep very well and i wake up quite frequently during the night clears throat . eos
bos you yawning so much are you disinterested disisinterested in what we are doing and then trying to tell them it is not that at all haha . eos
bos probably christmas time when i was with my family . eos
bos feeling like everything was alright in my life . having a good sense of like where i was at that moment being present with myself . eos
bos i am a hard worker when i do have a job so haha . eos
bos  eos
bos one that comes to mind is the wish that i do not eat as much so i can be a lot more healthy haha . eos
bos do not take things so seriously haha enjoy being youthful and ? i think that is it haha eos
bos at a hospital and i helped a lot of kids out . for about six years so seven years . eos
bos yeah it was awesome . eos
bos it found like a good niche for me . eos
bos haha okay . eos
bos no problem haha . eos
bos i am doing pretty good haha . eos
bos i am from oklahoma . eos
bos hmm . yup oklahoma city . eos
bos the weather is great i love being near the ocean and the palm trees and mountains i just love it here haha . eos
bos there is a few differences it is a huge city compared to where i am from so traffic has definitely been an adjustment for me haha . eos
bos i just always wanted to live in california hated being landlocked in oklahoma just wanted to get out to the west coast be near the ocean . eos
bos i studied psychology and minored in art . eos
bos no not at the moment . eos
bos the field of psychology i well i just got hired working at a group home for teenage boys who have been in trouble with the law . eos
bos i just like working with people in the realm of psychology so i think i may already have my dream job haha . eos
bos to relax i like to read or watch movies i like to go to the beach and just watch the sunset or hang out with friends . eos
bos people being mistreated or abused and people being lied to and deceived including myself i hate being lied to haha . eos
bos deep breath and not let my emotions cause me to react in a negative way so i just try and like calm down before i say anything eos
bos people i will lash out at the people that i am closest to at times and those moments i am not that good at controlling it . eos
bos i you know need to be more self-sufficient and independent take care of my own haha things like car issues . eos
bos i am very close with my family they are still in oklahoma but i talk to them on the phone all the time . eos
bos great role model she is a wonderful person and she is very hardworking and very unselfish and i just wanna be like her in those ways . eos
bos just freefalling it was like the coolest experience ever and i love doing things that are crazy like that so it was a fun time haha . eos
bos long trip around the world it was a mission trip so i just went and helped out in different third world countries it was really cool . eos
bos diversity and the terrain of the earth even and the way that the earth looks in different places is cool . eos
bos no i have not served in the military haha . eos
bos nope . eos
bos i am probably ninety nine percent sure that i have struggled with depression off and on so yeah . eos
bos and so right now i am not really experiencing too much of that but in the past it is definitely been an ongoing issue for me . eos
bos sleep well sleep is extremely like important for me i think maybe more so than a lot of people i like need good sleep to function . eos
bos so i feel much more relieved than i have been feeling which is good haha . eos
bos confidence and like positivity that things are starting to work out for me which is good haha . eos
bos was and i was just like oh i cannot believe that i get to live here so that was definitely a happy moment for me haha . eos
bos really think the way that a lot of people do and i question everything so which can be a good or bad thing but yeah haha . eos
bos and do whatever i feel like doing even if it is hard i still i am proud that i have overcome a lot of those struggles . eos
bos i would not really change anything . eos
bos tell myself to never give up and just always believe that you can do what you wanna do . eos
bos to go out with them and we went to dinner and we went out afterwards and just had a good night and it was really fun . eos
bos cool ! eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos pennsylvania . eos
bos couple years and then i moved here about three and a half years ago but i just was not satisfied with the quality of my life . eos
bos maybe once or twice last year i only got to back once . eos
bos well i just miss it because i have a lot of family back there but la is okay i mean everyone loves the climate here . eos
bos i have a boyfriend i have been with for three years so that helps he is from here but it definitely took a bit of adjustment . eos
bos no . eos
bos advertising communications . eos
bos no i am currently working in actually i am not working right now at the moment . eos
bos i wanna be an osteopathic physician . eos
bos a healthier life versus medications or things that are commonly prescribed now in the western medicine . eos
bos things was when i came out here to la i was exposed to the degree which i had never heard of living on the east coast . eos
bos sometimes . eos
bos lot of people i mean i tend to like small intimate groups and i do not tend to like to be in larger or bigger groups . eos
bos eh when people do not take into account other people's feelings . eos
bos i usually . try to go for a walk if i get haha very irritated . eos
bos i am usually really good it really takes a lot for me to spill over and to yell or become upset . eos
bos sigh let us see . hmm . i was at with my lawyer and it was about his handling of my case . eos
bos yeah it was he is they are i do not know i think they are just a little bit mediocre they are not the best lawyers . eos
bos i have no idea haha . eos
bos and i always like to try to cheer people up so haha i think that is that would be some of 'em . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos just a few months ago about in the last six months . eos
bos i knew that i it was not that i could not overcome it by myself . eos
bos helped but there is definitely times where i kind of sink back into thinking about the event especially because the event caused me to stop working . eos
bos and i do not like to go into places where there is only one way in and one way out . eos
bos get myself to go into these places more gradually a lot better since the last couple months but before i very much pretty much stayed home . eos
bos i feel like i have gotten more help with just my inner talk with just kind of sitting with myself and journaling . eos
bos i do . eos
bos cautious and er guarded in some ways about my thoughts . and about my decisions as well . i am not so . eos
bos not so oh you know i will just do this and not really think of the consequences of other things that i want in my life . eos
bos but now i am sleeping through the night again . eos
bos i feel f groggy sigh . k i feel foggy and out of it . and just low kind of depressed . eos
bos hmm . sigh it is . i think it is been awhile . eos
bos working haha i am a bit of a workaholic . spending time with my family . yeah just being outside enjoying nature . reading . eos
bos very close . eos
bos what is that ? eos
bos scrubbedentry . eos
bos running errands without having a lot of anxiety . eos
bos i am most proud of . the jobs the work that i have done the people i have helped . eos
bos going into retail into unsafe environment not listening to my gut . eos
bos what advice would i what ? eos
bos and to enjoy every moment of your life not take anything for granted . eos
bos and cauliflower so just using preparing that . for f . for my boyfriend and i . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos doing pretty good little bit tired . eos
bos i am from los angeles . eos
bos the weather and the sports . eos
bos cannot find any jobs right now . eos
bos i know . eos
bos not really . eos
bos i studied architecture and chicano studies and a little bit of history . eos
bos since si i was wa little li since i was little i liked to draw and then i like to learn about history . eos
bos i am trying to i am going i am working and going to school i am trying to get my finish gettin' my degree . eos
bos playing in the nfl . eos
bos what was that ? eos
bos i do not know what that is . eos
bos eat or sleep . eos
bos people not doing they jobs . eos
bos walk away . eos
bos pretty good . eos
bos like three days ago a couple days ago over some family issues . eos
bos sure . eos
bos well . eos
bos like to workout play football and ride my bike . eos
bos walking on that ucla . eos
bos i felt big like i actually was doing something with myself . eos
bos my parents . eos
bos like they struggle strug they whenever they struggle they still manage to put through whatever they want . eos
bos and . eos
bos i am pretty close real close . eos
bos quiet . eos
bos my height and strength . eos
bos hmm no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos it is pretty hard . eos
bos fifteen to like eighteen hours during the day so by the time i get home i am really not even that tired to go to sleep . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos if i do not sleep well i get i wake up grumpy or like not in the mood to do things . eos
bos hmm . just like . under pressure a little bit . eos
bos not that hard . i just . stress pretty much . eos
bos sometimes . eos
bos just working i really do not like working but i have to so . eos
bos a little bit . eos
bos but just a side s just a side effect from not playing football for a while . eos
bos music . eating or and working out . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos raising my son and while i was still in school in high school . eos
bos no . eos
bos patience . eos
bos watching your son grow . eos
bos i have a five and a half year old boy . i do not only see him on the weekend . eos
bos pretty close . eos
bos spoiled . eos
bos like their grandparents . feel like dinosaurs while they already they just born and they already know how to use everything around their house . eos
bos cannot treat 'em like kids anymore . eos
bos hmm so you pretty much treat 'em like adults sometimes it works some it does not do it does not really work . eos
bos no . eos
bos should have just stayed on one path ? follow my dreams probably like or just follow what i wanted to do eos
bos and that is about it . eos
bos a couple months ago . eos
bos we made it to the championship bowl that was probably the happiest i have been in awhile . eos
bos good . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos alright . eos
bos i was born in los angeles california . eos
bos well the weather and . the fact that people are not so obtrusive like on the east coast . eos
bos just the traffic and the . the smoggy weather . eos
bos i used to i am unemployed now so i rarely go anywhere . eos
bos i have a bs in business with a computer . option . eos
bos a job with a business bu business degree was in accounting or in business computer methods so i took that i took business computer methods option . eos
bos oh i would probably be like . a professional sports player or an actor something that you enjoy doing . eos
bos ride my bike i like to watch sporting events now i cannot afford to go to them . so i pretty much watch on tv . eos
bos i like to travel but like i say that i do not have money for that anymore . eos
bos that is alright . eos
bos or a friend but you know . eos
bos the internet that feeds a lot of that now we know what orwell was referring to when he spoke of big brother in nineteen eighty four . eos
bos i do not do much . much different than i would otherwise . eos
bos and i have had many temper outbursts . eos
bos making leading statements trying to trap me into saying something about a relative . and it annoyed me greatly . eos
bos i am kind of on the outs with my parents . eos
bos i am kind of the black sheep . eos
bos oh i mean my mom's done the most to help me . she is done a lot . you know more than anybody by far . eos
bos with all she had to do that day that she agreed to do that but she did . eos
bos or taking ta photographing the bridalveil falls in yosemite . eos
bos it was probably the two most majestic seen see sights i have ever seen . eos
bos it was when i could afford to travel . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos and i took some lexapro but i stopped after one day i did not wanna do it anymore . eos
bos no . eos
bos because i did not feel it was helpful i feel i was becoming a zombie . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos day you know jobs like this which i am fortunate to get just you know daily things focus groups like that i have not worked . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos especially when you are fifty six years old . eos
bos well hmm . eh just it just the i guess the general feeling of hopelessness . eos
bos i get out on my bicycle a lot and walk or bike just four hours a day split about two hours each . eos
bos yeah good to get some . eos
bos very easy . because now i am old when i was young i could not sleep more than six s four six hours a night . eos
bos because i am restless . eos
bos no . but now that i am old i sleep much more easily . eos
bos recite different prayers like the lord's prayer hail mary stuff like that and i am able to fall off to sleep . eos
bos fifteen years ago . eos
bos you know relatives and basically it was provided by the county . and basically went through a routine in downtown la . eos
bos missing somebody and had to give the specifics of their characteristics height weight etcetera . eos
bos i do not have a best friend . eos
bos i am very bright . i am a . perfectionist at my job . i would say that is about it . eos
bos you know to my i guess self esteem you might say so i had something to hang on the wall . eos
bos yeah i regret you know . alienating family members . eos
bos they have added locations but i burned bridges there so that is not possible . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos okay . eos
bos from here from eh from alhambra . eos
bos the weather's really nice and everything's very familiar . eos
bos sometimes there is too much congestion on the roads too much traffic . eos
bos i studied art and photography . eos
bos it was not so much a decision i just kept noticing that i was very interested in it . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i am a photographer . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos oh . i suppose . running a family portrait studio or some other type of photography business . eos
bos no not no i am an also an apartment manager it keeps me tied down . eos
bos i have i do have free rent but i have to stay . there a lot . so . eos
bos that part does the free rent part is very good . eos
bos oh gosh . my most memorable experience . that is hard to say . well . i mean there is good and bad memorable experiences . eos
bos and . some bad things would be my father's death you know but those are very memorable not good though . eos
bos well my parents and my i have a lot of brothers and sisters so s so the my family . eos
bos distant di distant my brother lives in new york and . my other brother lives in maui clears throat . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i think they are more of a hive mind than when i grew up . just seems like they were all hooked into social media . eos
bos go on a walk or . watch television . eos
bos or play with my computer . and . eos
bos eh that is kind of upsetting and the city does not seem to wanna . eos
bos make any exceptions or change some rules . and also some unfair things at work sometimes happen that are upsetting ups . that are upsetting . eos
bos not send you out to work at that school again which to would translate into less payroll hours for the photographers that were on that job . eos
bos that is yeah that is how they do things . so that is upsetting . eos
bos most of the time that will i dust off my resume haha and start looking for other situations that are . that might be better . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos but on the spot sp on the location i would not do that . eos
bos this th this was one of the things is over then we are gonna do some more of her things so . but it . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos no . eos
bos post-traumatic stress syndrome is that what that is . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos yes . eos
bos oh sigh i would say nineteen eighty . yeah i think believe it was nineteen eighty . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos well my father noticed some symptoms my father is just well he is passed away but he was a psychiatrist . eos
bos interviews that i would go to their front door and then i would not go in haha and i think that was all part of depression . eos
bos yeah i thought i had a problem but i did not know what it was . eos
bos no . eos
bos with depression so i think i will have good days and bad days . eos
bos or am i seeing it through a depressed viewpoint . and i try to look for clues about that . eos
bos for me personally as a depressed person i think that structure is really important . it . eos
bos deal interact with people is all those are all beneficial things for someone who is tends to be depressed . eos
bos i am just thinking about that and i have been looking look looking at it and reading books about that or video clips on youtube and . eos
bos where probably should not dwell so much on that . eos
bos get out of college with a degree although i was there seven years but so that is very that is a big regret that i have . eos
bos do whatever it took to get a car haha at that time . eos
bos so . eos
bos those are good qualities i am very loyal and also . you know i support my friends i am fairly generous with them . so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos xxx really enjoyed was i had a . i had a nice experience just photographing a soccer game recently . i really enjoyed that so . eos
bos hmm . okay . eos
bos it was my pleasure . eos
bos i am fine tired i had to bike it here . so my back is sweaty . eos
bos i am from la . eos
bos the places there is to go there is always things to do here . eos
bos drivers . eos
bos i am trying to do audio engineering working with music . eos
bos yeah . i will be graduating in about two more years . eos
bos working in a recording studio probably doing soundtracks for music or . i have no idea haha . eos
bos i have no idea what that is . eos
bos haha . eos
bos no i am always either in la or just at home . eos
bos ride my bike make music . sit at home watch movies . eos
bos drivers people who . gangsters i do not know haha . eos
bos go out ride my bike take a walk . eos
bos pretty good i do not get angry very often . eos
bos and hiss sound what happened . yeah that was it haha . eos
bos same thing make music ride my bike hang out with friends . just . normal kid stuff haha . eos
bos but i do live with my dad so . we are pretty close . i am okay with that . eos
bos let us see . i do not really know a bunch of people . i guess i cannot really pick one right now . eos
bos nope . eos
bos i do not want to . nope . eos
bos no haha . eos
bos i . usually my fault that i do not go to sleep early and then i wake up really late in the afternoon . so . eos
bos kind of hard . the same just a little drowsy tend to go to sleep earlier . nothing i am still active i do not really change . eos
bos fine happy normal . just . hmm . eos
bos two three days ago i got some . i got a gift from my girlfriend it was pretty cool haha . eos
bos sigh cool funny energetic . smart . active . eos
bos the music that i make . eos
bos hmm . a couple things i cannot name 'em right now . probably . things i did in high school haha . eos
bos let us see . what would i say to myself . deep breath gibberish . do not get arrested . stay in school . haha . eos
bos i would not even know . just . i do not know skip haha . eos
bos what did i do watched movies with my dad ? about yeah yesterday stayed home watched movies made some food hung out this thing is cool eos
bos fine . eos
bos tampa florida . eos
bos at that point i wanted to get into the entertainment industry . eos
bos nineteen ninety . eos
bos it took a long time to get used to it was not easy . eos
bos and that if you have a hobby you could always find a large group of people that are interested in the same hobby as you have . eos
bos pretty transient they come and go and it is kinda difficult as far as if you know trusting people in the business world has been difficult . eos
bos not much at all . eos
bos it is quite different . the weather's different the people are different it is very different . eos
bos no . eos
bos god it was so long ago school . just general stuff business . acting . that kinda thing . eos
bos well i am working on becoming a professional poker player and i left the stockbrokage industry successfully to do financial trading stock options futures that kinda stuff . eos
bos sometimes yes . eos
bos people my family . just people you know making fun of me or just instigators just being around negative hostile people . eos
bos i vent . ruminate over the same situation over and over again . eos
bos pretty darn good . eos
bos a good change of i do not know what did i argue with somebody about maybe it is been a long time i cannot really remember huh eos
bos oh i would say tony robbins . anthony robbins . eos
bos listen to music . surf the internet . study poker research on stocks . watch youtube clips . eos
bos more towards my sisters not my parents . i am not close at all with my parents . we have been estranged . eos
bos no . eos
bos not n not officially but some . people say i do have the symptoms of it . when i have been talking about depression . eos
bos yes . eos
bos diagnosed in the early nineteen nineties with like dysthymia which is like a mild form of depression i think or a long term lasting mild depression . eos
bos battery of tests that he did at ucla . eos
bos no . eos
bos it was more of a financial thing . eos
bos yes . eos
bos irritable moody . tired . eos
bos yes . eos
bos not easy . eos
bos airheaded spacey . slow . eos
bos how do i do what ? eos
bos cope with what . how do i . eos
bos okay . eos
bos deep breath oh sigh hmm . cannot remember . eos
bos played poker online . eos
bos yes . eos
bos clean my room . do a better job of you know enjoying my nice apartment . and my single bachelorhood . and . eos
bos and sort of my wisdom i have been able to pass on about eastern philosophy . eos
bos honest . trustworthy . eos
bos yawning excuse me . eos
bos i am just gonna get through the day did not have not even have not showered haha in two days that is i need to just . eos
bos change my clothes and get a haircut and get myself together . get awake awa get more awake . eos
bos huh . eos
bos haha k haha i know . eos
bos new jersey . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos that was in nineteen nine . eos
bos like you know you can find it you find your nine to five job to pay the rent and xxx lot of things to do here . eos
bos sigh haha probably the film industry and the celebrities and the glamour and excitement yeah it is . i fit in real good . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i just graduated high school . but i have an interest in writing you know . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos that is my drug i do not drink or smoke or do any of the kind of drugs but writing was always what got me high . eos
bos but i recently just met a young girl who is a standup and her routine is so interesting i could write a novel of her routine . eos
bos anyway haha . eos
bos so . eos
bos haha . eos
bos probably probab yes . eos
bos well i keep do i keep everything inside of me probably and i am yeah and then i am always thinking probably all the time yeah . eos
bos thinking about my problems and just . too much analyzing . yeah . eos
bos walk or they are in the they are in the traffic with their signs give me money please help me just ju help yourself help me . eos
bos that is what makes me mad . eos
bos really curse that much i try to just stay calm intelligent so i just try to deal with it and suppress it and work through it . eos
bos tension that is rising and problems going on but i do not like i try to just stay calm . eos
bos hassles and i was saying you know they have to stand over here and do not send 'em over there they will not get into the . eos
bos this was at grauman's chinese theater . eos
bos k . eos
bos just separated it is like we do not interest each other . eos
bos you know i do love her but . we have no we do not have a relationship anymore . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos who is been a positive influence hmm ? probably good writers probably my favorite authors who who inspired me to write better eos
bos wrote the princess bride he is been an inspiration . eos
bos yeah . hmm . eos
bos what was that ? eos
bos today's kids . eos
bos when i grew up we did not have to we were not locked in rooms or sitting in front of screens for hours and hours so . eos
bos is twenty thirteen it is everyone's just trying to you know life is hard for everybody and everyone's just trying to get through it is tough . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos scrubbedentry . generous and funny and fun to be with . and just an all around great guy . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos prolly six years ago . eos
bos getting too much side effects fatigue and sleeplessness and dizziness so . i will not take medication . eos
bos am eh i am just xxx i have just suffered depression probably all my life you know i am i have my highs and my lows . eos
bos not feeling good about anything or excited about anything just bored so bored all the time . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos really bad just i am in survival mode about it . eos
bos hmm it is pretty bad . eos
bos block everything out that is not good . eos
bos no . eos
bos you know i just i will deal with it . eos
bos haha because i snore sometimes i am not allowed to sleep at a sometimes i get kicked out of the apartment it is a small apartment . eos
bos i snore like a chainsaw so there ya have it . eos
bos if i get some then i am i will be okay . eos
bos the next ne so well so i had twelve hundred dollars in my pocket well i turned sixty well this is oh eh it was exciting . eos
bos is when i am happiest probably go to a casino and win or just stay even and not lose anything that is where my adrenaline is . eos
bos you know no i do not much i do not gamble gam it is the gambling's not worth it and in the end you lose everything . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos yeah . haha yeah apology accepted . eos
bos i will lend le i will lend you a few dollars . i think i am alright . eos
bos no nothing at all . scrubbedentry . i just hope you know like haha like that there is a second chapter in my life at my age . eos
bos we will see right now i am just floundering killing time . probably it is been sigh it is probably been four years now just of nothingness . eos
bos hmm ask as ask say that again . xxx . eos
bos i it evaporated very slowly you know and sigh so that advice is you know probably just do not haha do not gamble . eos
bos but for me being at that blackjack table . eos
bos ugh it just sigh took everything . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i had the best be i had twelve years that i xxx i never thought i would have ever have just money eh . eos
bos and i get you get the popcorn and soda and you see the stars that is about as exciting as it is gonna get right now . eos
bos okay . eos
bos alright take care . eos
bos i am doing good and yourself . eos
bos inglewood . eos
bos the scenery the places to eat . i just i . i just love la . eos
bos the traffic the public transit that is about it . eos
bos yes . eos
bos getting to new places and seeing new sights . eos
bos i studied nursing and office administration . eos
bos wanted i have always been into computers and wanted to learn more about the software and things and how to fix 'em and things like that . eos
bos no n currently cu not currently but i am i want to work there in the future f i wanna work in that in the future . eos
bos i was working at a retail store but now i am just eh i am job searching again . eos
bos my dream job is actually at metro in public transit to help improve the public transportation system in la . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i watch tv mostly listen to music like smooth jazz like relaxing music . eos
bos i breathe i listen to music i try to do whatever i can to calm down . eos
bos when thing when like when bad things happen that is what really irritates me that is all . eos
bos but there is times where i feel like i cannot but i try as hard as i can to control it . eos
bos i argued with my fiance about a couple of weeks about some financial issues eh but that was it . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos me then it gets a little harder like a neighbor partying or loud noises in the house then it is hard but usually it is easy . eos
bos i do not have a attitude or anything but i am just like tired in the morning like i need more sleep when i wake up . eos
bos okay just i am down sometimes i sleep a little than i am i sleep more than i am used to but i have been okay . eos
bos no . eos
bos they would describe me as fun loving carefree a caring individual a caring person . eos
bos no n no not really i mean i have had some bad experiences but for the most part i do not regret anything . eos
bos to just do what to do what i have to do strive really hard take care of my business and that is about it . eos
bos i felt really happy on christmas when i got engaged haha . eos
bos i enjoy going to nevada to celebrate my birthday i enjoy spending time with my family and my friends . eos
bos fairly close there were some things that brought us apart but we are trying to get close again . eos
bos good in myself she is really let me see that i am a positive individual and that i can accomplish anything i put my mind to . eos
bos in my life without doing the things that doing the negative things that people thought i would wou that they thought i was going to do . eos
bos i am just i feel like i am a good person . eos
bos i am doing great how about you . eos
bos i am born in the us i was born in orlando florida . eos
bos my parents my dad had a lot of friends in los angeles so we decided to move here . eos
bos different cultures and ethnicities . so it was a unique experience . eos
bos last time i have been back was probably about five years ago . eos
bos an hour or if you wanna go to a mall it is a it is an hour drive so it is complete opposite of los angeles . eos
bos sports la is just kind of like the perfect area you know i wanna live here kind of for the rest of my life actually . eos
bos o five or the one o one it is just traffic it you know it can kill like two hours in your day which is huge . eos
bos yeah quite a bit for personal and for business i travel you know usually overseas or domestically i travel so and i enjoy it a lot . eos
bos being able to sightsee and tour if i have a day or two free it is just experiencing having new experiences just enriches my life . eos
bos computers . and i also did english as well . eos
bos yes i am . eos
bos i work in it in an it department at a semiconductor company . eos
bos dream job . probably working for apple haha since i pretty much own everything they have yeah it would be great to work for apple . eos
bos you know it depends there are times when it is good to be alone but for the most part i consider myself an outgoing social person . eos
bos times and i might get a little bit might get a bit a little bit annoyed but i do not think i would get really mad . eos
bos long so i just keep kinda like tend te i tend to eat out a little bit more of kinda like maybe junk food or something . eos
bos at i guess controlling my temper again i really do not get angry so it is not really an issue for me . eos
bos i guess a little bit heated but it was more for i guess more for fun sake than anything else but it was an interesting conversation . eos
bos bowling photography like to doing a lot i like to do a lot of different things and of course electronics . eos
bos i would say outgoing loyal intelligent funny . and a great listener . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos for most nights it is pretty easy just have to avoid drinking coffee or tea before i sleep other than that it is been pretty easy . eos
bos not moving as quickly as i should . eos
bos pretty good have no complaints . eos
bos no pretty much the same . eos
bos on the side but you know the service advisor waived it so i got everything free today so actually i am in a really good mood . eos
bos hmm no nothing . eos
bos probably do not spend as much save more money aside from that . nothing else just be kind of more . wise with your money . eos
bos you know with each other and it is you know it is like a great way to bond as well . eos
bos of a learning experience for me because they are you know they did complete one eighty from when i was a when i was a kid . eos
bos so i do not have any more car payments so that is great too and you know being able to help my family out as well . eos
bos it is kind of like being a kid in a candy store you get to play with different gadgets so it was really fun for me . eos
bos good . eos
bos from california . eos
bos i like the fact that the weather is great i like the fact that all my roots are here all my family is here . eos
bos traffic it takes a long time to get where you are going it is expensive it is a lot more expensive than it used to be . eos
bos not anymore . eos
bos i studied journalism english music and special effects makeup . eos
bos i am . eos
bos now i am managing a doggy day care facility . eos
bos my dream job is to . own my own company again . probably working with animals . eos
bos no . eos
bos i am an artist i draw i paint i do tattoos . i work a lot with animals . i like outdoor activities biking hiking . eos
bos people that are not fair people that are . angry and people that are dishonest . eos
bos usually i will give myself like a ten second timeout and think about it before i speak or react . eos
bos i am very good at controlling my temper . eos
bos probably my spouse about something to do with our financial matters . eos
bos i am very close to my children and my father . eos
bos scrubbedentry . eos
bos no it is never easy it is the hardest job in the world but it is the best . eos
bos just to learn how to live life that is one of the hardest things is letting them make their own mistakes . eos
bos i think being having my children made me . much better person every day . eos
bos i would be really hard to say to narrow that down i have had so many . eos
bos i am dependable . and i do not play games i am very i am no n i am no drama . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes i have . eos
bos in . february of two thousand eleven . eos
bos nine he broke into my apartment and laid in wait for me and attacked me when i came in the door and tried to kill me . eos
bos i do . eos
bos be . a productive member of society s of society without therapy . eos
bos handle things better i do not get so emotionally upset a lot more rational i try to stay more rational than emotional more rational and logical . eos
bos so-so i have been sick and i have been run down a little stressed out . eos
bos i have yes i have . eos
bos i do not use medication anymore so it is mainly just proactive treatment where i have to do something about it . eos
bos it is not it is never easy it is always bad . eos
bos tired lethargic . it is hard to keep my thoughts in order it is hard just to do the basics during the day . eos
bos hmm no . eos
bos i cannot remember . eos
bos went to the beach with my oldest son and his best friend and we rode three real three-wheel bikes and that was a lot of fun . eos
bos say right now i have not decided i am very proud of my children i would say that is probably it they are really good boys . eos
bos i have too many regrets right now . eos
bos to finish school . to . stay focused to not . let myself get distracted . to focus more on long-term goals than short-term goals . eos
bos my father . eos
bos and i am not i am basically what you see is what you get i do not pull any punches with people . eos
bos i like older people elderly people i like to help them and be around them . i like children . eos
bos good how are you . eos
bos i am from los angeles . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i like being in the city . eos
bos and obviously the environment as far as the air quality is not that great . but . eos
bos you know you live with that . eos
bos i was a business administration major so i studied business and . after i finished college i . pursued a career in retail operations . eos
bos over the last four or five years so i am concentrating more on the human resources side of the business . eos
bos in the a in the human resources side because i was the operations manager slash benefits manager for a small company . eos
bos yes i am very happy i did that i picked up on lot of knowledge and . and it is very helpful . eos
bos maintaining a certain lifestyle but also i have i also enjoy what i do i am not under as much stress as i used to be . eos
bos obviously i do have my own little private issues that i keep to myself . eos
bos oh sure you know i have . couple years ago i had a heart attack and i had to have bypass operation and it had to . eos
bos it or if it comes up and if it is if it i feel like it is something to talk about i will talk about it . eos
bos take care of all the gardening and things like that and that is actually very therapeutic you know . eos
bos there is not much to that . eos
bos with them and i was more than willing to take care of my issues but they were playing hardball and i did not care for that . eos
bos it does haha . eos
bos save his life or if it we did not take a chance and take that extra step that i would regret it in the long run . eos
bos it is . it was . eos
bos me around which is good because she is in her late she is in her later stage of her life she is eighty two years old . eos
bos good thing but with me there i think she feels fe there is a comfort level she feels with me there especially being her only child . eos
bos the things that i did the selfish things that i did when i was much younger that obviously affected the relationship between myself and my wife . eos
bos and obviously that was a major issue regarding our relationship . had to do with trust because . it was devastating to my wife . eos
bos i felt very guilty . and i felt less than a human being at that point in my life . eos
bos no not at all . eos
bos no not really no . eos
bos i do not have problems sleeping that is i do not ever recall having any problem sleeping so no . eos
bos no . not at all . eos
bos so i tend to be a little bit more easygoing and my friends and family have noticed that . eos
bos and that i could count on living a pretty much normal life as long as i watched my diet and took my medications . eos
bos go back to those ways of thinking where i was doing the wrong things instead of the right things and not to be so selfish . eos
bos i do things to help myself . eos
bos i just look at what is in front of me and just focus on what is in front of me eh every day . eos
bos was intelligent enough to know what is right from wrong and scrubbedentry you are what you are doing is wrong you need to change your behavior immediately eos
bos one day at a time . eos
bos that what is not right for you know it could be okay for other people to do certain things but i cannot do those things anymore . eos
bos related to the gambling and the . my and the break-up of my marriage which you know it is still not over yet you know . eos
bos work out in the yard . watch tv whatever just relax . that is how a weekend goes for me . eos
bos and thank you . eos
bos am just gonna chat with you then i am going to the gym and run some errands so i plan on having a nice day today . eos
bos and i went to school away and . but i am one of the few natives that are actually in los angeles . eos
bos yes i am . eos
bos and i think it is a great place to live . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos and that is a big problem here in . california . eos
bos and that is what makes our taxes . so high until they really secure the borders and get that taken care of . eos
bos but it clearly affects businesses because from all the other things that is why our taxes are so high and people are moving out of state . eos
bos but i have traveled quite a bit . and i have learned a couple of languages and . i served . eos
bos i am sorry . eos
bos and work out and . i try to eat healthy and . that is a big part of my life . eos
bos take french even though spanish would have been a lot more valuable but i took french . all through elementary junior high and high school . eos
bos with the french . you know and my accent is not the greatest so after a couple sentences they start talking english to me . eos
bos haha so that was a . eos
bos that was fun . and i also have a masters . degree in economics . and i have a degree in crisis management . so . eos
bos once you start going to school . for a little bit you change your mind . etcetera so . eos
bos pretty interesting i like it having grown up around it . but it is different than other jobs i have had in the past . eos
bos and . i would probably like to stay home and raise kids because i do have one daughter . and . eos
bos so . eos
bos probably never happen but it sounds something that to me would be fun . eos
bos but i think my outward manifestation is to be a little more shy in general and reserved reser i use like to use the term reserved . eos
bos but i like that screensaver i used to have that on one of my screensavers at home but . eos
bos i probably did not have them the best in my twenties but over the years . i think i have gotten better . at the . eos
bos be a little more . how do you had the skills earlier . eos
bos i think i am a lot better at that now than i was say in my teens or twenties . eos
bos so when i think a lot of that comes i think the keyword there is maturity . eos
bos but it was more of just a one of those let us agree to disagree . butt heads . so . eos
bos discussed those things but it was really just fundamental . reasons why we butted heads and more were not really a good match . eos
bos whereas other things looked good . you know on paper to both of us . eos
bos hmm . there is one recently my father passed away recently . eos
bos mad at myself about something i probably should have been more prepared for also something s something that was coming was inevitable so . eos
bos we were just never like that norman rockwell painting . i guess we are also different . eos
bos we just . never did that because we are all . all so . different . eos
bos but i think every family has their own sort of . stuff . eos
bos pretty well but i just was not sure that i had been to some therapy and counseling over the years . eos
bos i did not enlist i was an officer . i went to one of the service academies . eos
bos it is more prestige it just is not enlisting it is the hard where i went it is the hardest school in america to get into . eos
bos i was but same age as everybody else that went there . eos
bos we did . nineteen eighty three . eos
bos at the time . and poison gas was sprayed on us . so . eos
bos too intense it was a lot you know because it the service i was in the training was way more intense than any actual combat situation . eos
bos you actually play in the game and the same with . you know if you are in a combat . unit . eos
bos georgia north dakota south dakota montana . eos
bos unlike so many of my friends that . they do not know any there is any life between malibu and manhattan . eos
bos do the custody situation with my daughter so i went to work in a family business and that is pretty much my career in a nutshell . eos
bos because it was just so . so different i think i handled it better than most i have a stronger personality . so but . eos
bos it was a great experience . eos
bos but i generally sleep . i generally sleep pretty well . eos
bos boy the last few months i feel great pretty much . eos
bos no not really . i seem i think i seem a little happier more content lately . eos
bos and i was not able to really function . on my own but i was concerned with it and sought counseling . eos
bos and it was a waste of money etcetera but i think it is a useful tool if you are open to it . eos
bos someone like you in real life i prefer someone who is older than i am a little more life experience than someone who is maybe younger . eos
bos so but yeah i think it is a useful tool and . i really did a hundred and eighty degree switch on that . eos
bos i do have someone that i go to . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos your thoughts . and your feelings and let you decide for yourself but bring a little clarity . eos
bos and i generally feel more comfortable talking to a woman about that stuff than say to a man . eos
bos but sometimes bouncing the people off of strangers is good . eos
bos but i am just well i woke up really happy today because i knew it is gonna be a nice day . eos
bos and i looked forward to feeling the sun . so . eos
bos you know i am great with medical diagnoses . and . you know people also say i am a lot of fun . eos
bos tell people what they want to hear i do not be rude not rude to anybody but i pretty much call things as i see them . eos
bos so that is pretty much . eos
bos no not really because i do everything tactfully . eos
bos i like to think i do . eos
bos but just a lot of it is very typical . eos
bos and i would look at things in the long term instead of looking in things in the short term you know when you make decisions or choices eos
bos had the background in education that i did but i like public service . and . so i am proud of that . eos
bos i am proud that i have been able to stay in good physical shape over the years and . knock wood maintain good health . eos
bos it was nice meeting you . eos
bos i am doing alright . eos
bos new jersey . eos
bos yes . eos
bos three months ago . eos
bos not very often . eos
bos it is much different . i do not know it is just haha it is a lot more crowded here . eos
bos to start a new life for myself . eos
bos it was . it was quite rough at first but you know i am still trying to get used to life here . eos
bos you know i love the hollywood area . and just you know the mountains are beautiful that is kinda things i love . eos
bos hmm . the traffic . eos
bos not really no i do not . eos
bos just have not had the time or the finances to . eos
bos digital media . eos
bos deep breath computers and you know designing things and i do not know i just kinda fell into it . eos
bos no . i dropped out . eos
bos degree in digital media . and you know finished . and started working you know doing something in that field . eos
bos i do not wanna be you know in a shell so i kinda force myself to be outgoing . eos
bos listen to music i sometimes just drive and . you know play music in my car and that helps me relax . eos
bos or i smoke a cigarette . eos
bos oh like what ooh haha . just heavy metal that is all i listen to is metal . eos
bos but i . i do my best to . not get so pissed off haha . eos
bos i just ended not picking her up . because of her attitude on the phone with me . eos
bos haha . yeah . it does . eos
bos you know talk to my kids as much as i would like to . eos
bos you have no idea . eos
bos but . the reason i came out here was to better myself so i can provide for them . eos
bos it was not very often but i used to see them now i do not see them at all . and . eos
bos i do not know what my future holds . but . the hardest thing is being . so far away from them . eos
bos but . i . i love to just see their faces they just bring a smile to my face . and . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos and he kinda held back a lot he a lot of his emotions just because . you know he was a strong very tough guy . eos
bos as much as possible . you know not . i do not want them to grow up too fast . and that may have been . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos you know i should have just . walked away when i could . and you know not let my temper get the best of me . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos you know . those are some of the things that run through my head and . and that keeps me up at night sometimes . eos
bos you know you reap what you sow so i sigh . i gotta deal with it in my own way . eos
bos just watch a little tv something to get my mind off you know . all the stresses in my life . eos
bos so if i can distract myself if i can forget about all that . other stuff . then i am happy sigh . eos
bos troubling times like i am going through . eos
bos he trusts me enough to tell me all that stuff . eos
bos to always please people . so if i can change that maybe i wish i was not such a people pleaser . eos
bos pay bills but . i feel better helping people . i do not know . eos
bos i regret . not . breaking up with my ex-wife sooner . i regret re . eos
bos so . maybe if i would have got out sooner . i do not know i would have been happier i guess . eos
bos you know juggling everything and holding everything up which is yourself so . be a little selfish sometimes it is okay . eos
bos so . i like to be alone . but at times i do wanna be out with others i like you know being around people . eos
bos but i guess yeah i guess he would say that i am . crazy but . strong-minded haha . eos
bos in their short time i mean eh yeah it makes me happy . and i cannot wait to see them again . eos
bos you know when it finally happened it was surreal . it was a great night after all and overall . eos
bos sure you are welcome . eos
bos i am great . eos
bos and you . eos
bos los angeles california . eos
bos i feel la by itself is a country there is so much to do so much to explore . and there is nothing like it . eos
bos but other than that then you know it is fine . eos
bos i have traveled a bit . i would like to travel more though so but i have traveled to i have been to a few countries . eos
bos and i think that is i think that is it yeah think that is it . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos it is definitely . gives you an appreciation for life . and the diversity of it and also going to countries that may not be . eos
bos as developed as the us it definitely gives you a greater appreciation of you know this country . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos is watching mary poppins haha and . eos
bos they actually had when i went there they had the premiere of what movie was this . slumdog millionaire . eos
bos haha just you know just haha just to you know for antics but yeah it was a lot of fun it was a lot of fun . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos business management and an option in human resources management what that means i have no idea haha . eos
bos was human resource and i am always fascinated about you know relationships and people always like reading articles about that stuff so i went for that . eos
bos so . it still has to do with people anything to do with people i am fascinated about . so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos haha . that was a good one . my dream job wow . i would say being a life coach . eos
bos you know but i do it for free i would do it for free like all day . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos quiet and to myself . so . yeah . eos
bos pray . to relax myself or listen to some really calm music . so . yeah . eos
bos i just go off . eos
bos no hmm . eos
bos and he was being very subjective he was not being open to other people's suggestions and concerns . so it started an argument . eos
bos up not necessarily hurtful but very direct and to the point and i make sure i get my point across . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos sigh . my brothers are great . love 'em to death . my father eh he is moreso out of the picture . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos guilty . for anything i do . yeah i do not think i feel i usually do not feel guilty . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos then when i am now and that is kind of a struggle st a little bit of a struggle but i am getting to it so . eos
bos i do not allow myself to go to that place . eos
bos nah . no . eos
bos how would life be now . no . so the those are some games i play but other than that . eos
bos that is it . eos
bos hmm haha . regret . no . no hmm there is not anything i regret . eos
bos sigh ten to twenty years ago . i would say do not be afraid of who you are . be authentic . more importantly with yourself . eos
bos erase from my memory . i would say when i told t when i told my dad that he should act like a father . eos
bos four ap classes . i was working at i was working three jobs at the time and i was also in track and field . eos
bos i wanna say nineteen . because i started taking college classes in high school starting sophomore year . eos
bos continued maybe that is one small thing but . that is something small though . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos that sort of tisk . personality trait . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i would say . understanding people's how people feel about me in their shoes . eos
bos they do i think that is a realizing how much they care and love me . eos
bos that is one thing i would like to . get more . of a . grasp on . eos
bos crazy . objective . loyal . ambitious hardworking . mean haha when i just make jokes she says you are so mean but . eos
bos you know honor this person's birthday as well since we are closer to you know the person xxx birthday's passed . eos
bos and i said you know what just why wh do not we celebrate everybody's birthday . haha forget the baby shower just do the birthdays . eos
bos and then haha that is when she said you are so mean haha but she was laughing about it so . yeah . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos so i would say more than anything making sure i was there for my family . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos oh . okay thank you . eos
bos i am okay . i am a little . pensive i guess a little . down but . more or less okay . eos
bos i was born in annapolis maryland . eos
bos on the east coast . eos
bos and but then i decided to come i moved to washington dc to do some work and now i am back here again . eos
bos but i have gotten more used to it since i have been here . eos
bos not really speaking to my family or old friends that often . eos
bos i feel like i failed . and now i am here and i cannot seem to get back on my feet so it is hard . eos
bos so that does not really answer your question but . eos
bos happening really . it can it soothes me it is like it is when i feel most relaxed i guess . eos
bos it was really working for me that was good that was really good i felt like i was accomplishing something and i felt really relaxed . eos
bos sort of it is sort of romantic . adventure comedy kind of thing . eos
bos i have been meaning to write a novel but i was just waiting for the idea to . to really hit me . eos
bos hate it because it is so difficult . but it is worth it for the times when it is good . eos
bos try to it when i am upset . i get upset with myself not with other people . eos
bos so it turned into this . big argument and we did google searches to figure out who was right and who was wrong and i . eos
bos it is . yeah that was it was not a blow up argument but it was a definite argument . eos
bos and you know making her have to tell me that she never wanted to see me again . so . that was pretty tough . eos
bos i do not know i do not know if i could have done anything different . eos
bos things being how they were . eos
bos should not even be thinking about anymore because it is so in the past but i still get that feeling like i am right back there . eos
bos know since the medication it is been better it has not been impossible to deal with it has not been easy but it is been better . eos
bos keep my mind occupied during all of that . eos
bos i wish that i could just sort of let the thoughts come and deal with them but i just i cannot yet . eos
bos i do not know that is the thing i mean i do not ever get a break . from it . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos you know and now . it is just . it is . yeah i do not sleep too great right now . eos
bos i usually just kind of power through it and just . i am like how i am now just i just feel . bad . eos
bos so yeah that was kind of a turning point but unfortunately . it happened after everything went bad so . i do not know . eos
bos it was a little it is a little late now . eos
bos that and not . firing me . but yeah but so i got help but it was . but it was not soon enough . eos
bos very . i have only seen her three times in the past year so . it is basically to keep my medication coming . eos
bos and then there is you haha . eos
bos right . eos
bos talk about as opposed to just letting it just sit there as this formless thing . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos so now it is just i have to deal with real life which is . it just has its it is just its own challenge . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos part of what makes it so hard now is knowing that . i do not know if i will ever feel that again . so . eos
bos and about the world around them so that i feel like that was a real contribution that i made to . the world . eos
bos project that the nsf had decided to do and so we just kind of produced it . right that does not yeah . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos i am okay . i guess . eos
bos scrubbedentry . i am basically an la kinda guy . eos
bos cool ! eos
bos and i have a lot of friends here so i guess you know i do not wanna be anywhere else . eos
bos a you know a ton of money and fame and fortune or like you know you are down in the you know the ghettos you know . eos
bos i went to arizona and new york and montana lot of the anthropology like you know and archaeology field trips and things like that . eos
bos nothing i am doing in right now . eos
bos neat to see but just basically getting away from the city i guess you know getting away from the job getting away from the stress here . eos
bos big kind of a political you know junkie you know to begin with so i naturally kinda fell in line with that kinda field of study . eos
bos you know the economy got bad and the budget cuts got bad . and you know i wish i was working there again . eos
bos you know i kinda regret that you know . eos
bos haha tell me about it . eos
bos meeting mee meeting people that is fine with me but it is not like i am you know dying to meet anybody haha you know haha . eos
bos i guess . these days you know i play guitar you know i taught myself how to play guitar . eos
bos i just wish that my eating habits were in line or a little bit better you know . eos
bos sniffle . eos
bos i kinda close down and shut you know . shut off for a little bit . eos
bos maybe with my wife . you know we were probably something silly who knows . who knows . eos
bos you know i get white lies or whatever you know but like nothing like so atrocious that makes me feel like guilty . eos
bos sometimes i like to like . talk to people i guess . you know . eos
bos know that is the last thing i wanna do and so like i do not wish that i handle things like that differently in that way . eos
bos we have some cats thank you we have cats and a dog a weenie dog and my mom i love my mom dearly . eos
bos i think i have a ton to ton of family and friends . that get along with me pretty well actually you know . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos and but for the most time ti part no i sleep like a rock i sleep really good . eos
bos sniffle . eos
bos like a lot of it does not have anything to do with me but i have to handle it like you know so like i guess . eos
bos more of a distraction you know what i mean keeping you know keeping busy that way it just seems like it is not . eos
bos like . haha like i wanna like . do any of these like terrible jobs . eos
bos it is not something that is like i am not out on the streets or anything like that haha but you know it is a worry . eos
bos i have never been diagnosed with ptsd i used to work with . eos
bos no . no . grumble . eos
bos you know never really good times and never really you know atrocious bad times you know . eos
bos to haha . sigh do things . eos
bos sniffle . eos
bos you know just to . just to be piled on with more work and things like that eh . eos
bos like it is worth overcoming the obstacles i need to overcome . eos
bos i think that real people have you know . and then they really like you know ruin their life you know so like . eos
bos i am pretty happy and content with . being you know the cautious you know . sigh . i do not know . eos
bos and i you know so i just do these things you know just . eos
bos life l lifelong . benefit from doing other than the fact that i can say that i have done . eos
bos yeah no problem thank you for your time you know hope you enjoy you know being in this computer . eos
bos haha . eos
bos oh goodbye . i am gonna press this button now . eos
bos i am doing great thank you for asking . you know how about yourself . haha . eos
bos oh awesome . eos
bos i am from guatemala . my parents here migrated here to the united states when i was like three years old . so yeah . eos
bos hmm . yeah it is pretty cool you know . eos
bos i have not been there actually i have not been back to my hometown . since forever . eos
bos i mean it would be nice to visit but . you know it just does my curiousity has not you know gone there i guess . eos
bos oh okay . eos
bos you know everyone's different you know no one's like the same at least to some aspects . eos
bos it is nice it is pretty active yeah . eos
bos you know everything's clearer the sky is bluer haha but other than that like you know and traffic haha nobody likes traffic i think . eos
bos yeah . yeah but . yeah that is you know pretty much la is pretty nice you know it is i like it . eos
bos not really . set yet it is just i am still trying to find my interests i suppose . so . eos
bos you know help them you know grow up in a positive way i supposed instead of like going the wrong track . eos
bos yeah . i just you know help children . eos
bos that you know because i need something else to concentrate on something else you know there is like a moment and time for everything i suppose . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos you know reading and then just having just . yourself relaxed and you know feeling good . eos
bos yeah it is just fun i love reading . eos
bos doing better eventually . but i am not like the best . eos
bos but you know i guess that is everyone . i am not sure haha you know . eos
bos you know so . huh i do not know . i am not i cannot honestly i cannot tell you that haha at this moment . eos
bos sure yeah probably come back to it . eos
bos and it is working haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos you know i am okay with what . you know ups and downs and good and bad that has happened . eos
bos so . yeah . eos
bos so it is kind of like you know . it would be nice i guess you know . it would be nice . eos
bos i love camping that is kind of like you know it is taking a few days trips out there camping and you know fishing haha yeah . eos
bos you know it was really nice . it just yeah . eos
bos great you know just going out there it is just i love the adventure of things and the nature and just life and you know overall . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos but it just i gotta find the position pos the right position for me . yeah . eos
bos so yeah it is just . eos
bos if not then i just go to sleep throughout the day which sucks . but yeah . eos
bos no haha . eos
bos no . eos
bos you know going good you know . eos
bos that is just nature haha my immune system has to work harder haha . eos
bos is very overwhelming and it is scary at the same time haha i have never really like you know but yeah i have yeah very happy . eos
bos  eos
bos just try to be my best and try to portray something good for other people to tell me or you know compliment me or what not . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i cannot change myself for the likings of other people haha i have only one body and one life so yeah . eos
bos yeah that is it . eos
bos should be a better role model you know for my children and so my children could be better role models so the world could just improve . eos
bos yeah haha . eos
bos you know that would probably be something i could be super proud of you know . as much as i can . eos
bos a while you get a lot of practice and everything's just like you have a great day and you did not even try haha you know . eos
bos so yeah . eos
bos you know i just i do not wanna take it out on anyone or anything you know . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos n noise i guess because there is not silence you know the wind and the cars and you know it is just it is really neat . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos awesome ! eos
bos thank you are welcome haha . eos
bos i am doing pretty okay thanks for asking how are you . eos
bos i am from here in la i grew up in the san fernando valley . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos that i would say i like that too . eos
bos that eh i could stand it being a little lit slightly cooler when it gets to its peak heat but . that is fine . eos
bos and being able to make a living out of that would be pretty fun . eos
bos fun in discovering new things so i think travel tr when i travel that is what i like to do just check new things out . eos
bos so i would like to be you know haha if i could make a living doing that would be great . eos
bos i do not really have too much memory plus i did not really process things quite the same as when i was kinda more of age . eos
bos not know if it was for everyone you know i do not know haha if it would be great for everybody but i really enjoyed it . eos
bos i really like to know what is going on that kind of centers me so i really enjoy that is something i do to relax . eos
bos i do not haha i do not really have much trouble with that at all . eos
bos sorry i do not do haha i do not have much to say about arguing . eos
bos waiting because it makes it feel like you know my time is somehow more valuable than theirs which is obviously not true . eos
bos deep breath so i wish that had not've happened . eos
bos it does suck haha it did suck i am over it now but eh yeah it does suck . eos
bos more . able to sleep you know go to sleep at like ten or eleven . eos
bos and then sleep and then wake up earlier as opposed to . going to sleep later and waking up later . eos
bos everything is great so far i have absolutely no real complaints as far as how i am feeling about myself or anything like that . eos
bos everything has been pretty okay pretty steady no nothing traumatic nothing kinda resurfacing from the past nothing of the sort has happened or is happening . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos seemed like every day i do not know it was just eh but it was a it was kinda like a throw-away period in my life . eos
bos you know idea for what you want out of life as opposed to just kinda waiting and thinking that things will fall into place . eos
bos i do not d i do not deal well with that and i take it more personally than i should . eos
bos you know it was not our call sigh . eos
bos i was really you know exposed to the things i would not have seen if i had traveling companions and it was a lot of fun . eos
bos day in two thousand twelve thanks haha so i was that was a very happy day this whole process you know of meeting someone and we . eos
bos very happy times new years was happy you know i am in a happy period of my life right now so . yeah . eos
bos yeah thank you haha . eos
bos you know . helpful calm relaxed maybe sigh . intelligent you know likes to recycle i know that is so something that they would say . eos
bos also you know fairly easygoing you know flexible with plans . eos
bos different than my life is a lot different than it was about ten years ago you know the change i am happy and proud of that . eos
bos no problem have a good day thank you . eos
bos i am doing pretty good thank you . eos
bos i was born in the san fernando valley in california . eos
bos really ? haha eos
bos i love the beaches . i like there is just many things to do . and you cannot beat the weather . eos
bos traffic cost of living . eos
bos no i have not . i have only been out of the country once . or a few times actually but only to one other country . eos
bos go to tijuana across the border just to get into nightclubs and stuff like that . eos
bos well i love to see new things new places and have new experiences . eos
bos after high school i went to beauty school . for cosmetology . eos
bos i have some friends in the industry and . i decided to take the classes and see what i thought . eos
bos only as a hobby . eos
bos hmm . well . that is a tough one to answer i would have to think about that . eos
bos i would be on the outgoing side . eos
bos just because . i am more outgoing than i am shy haha . eos
bos lotta times i smoke marijuana . eos
bos hmm . not the best . eos
bos i had an argument with my mother over . how we should handle doing things with my grandmother . eos
bos i should pretty much let her . follow her rules because it is you know she is her daughter . eos
bos well it is okay i understood we talked it out and . you know realized that i might have been . overstepping my bounds . eos
bos we get along okay but we are not very close . and i have never met my real father . eos
bos maybe not accomplishing as much as i . should have in my life up to now . eos
bos yeah maybe . by not having enough ambition or drive to . be in a better position in my life . eos
bos well one of the hardest decisions was when i moved away from los angeles to wisconsin . eos
bos went and continued getting into trouble and i deep breath with a friend sigh we just packed our bags and moved to milwaukee . eos
bos yes . eos
bos extremely difficult . eos
bos i guess . i got a lotta things going on . or not going on and it just makes it hard for me to sleep . eos
bos issues in my life . and . eos
bos sure sometimes . eos
bos hmm i guess it depends on what i have to do . eos
bos right now . eos
bos a little . eos
bos well in the last few minutes since we started talking about . depressing stuff . i starting to feel a little more down . eos
bos i have not . eos
bos no . eos
bos hmm . very seldom . eos
bos psh stop thinking about 'em . eos
bos hmm i do not know . i could not tell i could not answer that right now . eos
bos eh it is been awhile since i have been really happy . i do not have a whole lot of very happy thoughts as recently . eos
bos oh let us see i sigh did go to las vegas . a couple months ago . i had a good time there . eos
bos well i am a . honest person . for the most part reliable . i think i am easy to get along with . eos
bos wow where do i start . i have plenty of . bad decisions i could . erase . eos
bos yeah well i have a dui on my record . eos
bos well . for the time it suspended my license makes it extremely difficult diff makes life extremely difficult . eos
bos hard to get around when you cannot drive legally . and if you do drive illegally you are at risk of going to jail . eos
bos for driving without a license . eos
bos well the original charge did but i have not . got caught driving . since . eos
bos hmm i do not have a best friend . eos
bos hmm . well let us come back to that one . eos
bos hmm maybe that i could . follow through with some of my plans . be a little more ambitious . eos
bos maybe not . eos
bos well we some of the decisions i have made in my life i have regrets . eos
bos sigh . take care of business first . and always handle your responsibilities . eos
bos good go . good weather . good music good company . good conversation . eos
bos hmm sigh . wow i do not have an answer for ya . eos
bos i love to . bike ride i can go for walks or hikes i love to swim in the ocean . eos
bos hmm . my mom . eos
bos well she . she was a single mom with two kids and . worked really hard . to raise us . eos
bos yeah it was not easy . eos
bos very . eos
bos sure . eos
bos pretty good kind of . eos
bos haha yeah . haha . eos
bos about los angeles . eos
bos yes . eos
bos the thing i like about la the weather . eos
bos it is not easy to meet people . eos
bos it feels like that . eos
bos no . not too much . eos
bos child development . eos
bos about the stages that he would be going through . eos
bos eh and be able to relate better to him . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i am . eos
bos kind of i am trying to get it started again in the fall . eos
bos i would like to write . eos
bos they are . pretty good i have gotten some good feedback on them from my critique groups . eos
bos to not become a jerk with them . and haha it puts him in like a really . eos
bos scrubbedentry . he goes through a lot of moods dealing with the people in his life . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos no i am a single mom it was the hardest thing . i think in the world haha is being a single mom haha . eos
bos so . eos
bos how do i cope ? deep breath eos
bos sigh . well right now . i did not have very many good goo coping skills or mechanisms so . that was the problem . eos
bos like the stuff that comes outta kids' mouths sometimes and the stuff that they do and . just brings a smile to your face . eos
bos so you can go out and get married and find a boyfriend haha so . eos
bos yeah it is pretty spontaneous things like that happen . that my kid's telling me i need to not be single anymore . haha . eos
bos in what kind of person my kid turns out to be . and . so . it is a lot of stress on yourself haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos yeah . haha . definitely . eos
bos child that they can be the best adult that they can be without . molding them in that direction necessarily . eos
bos into a different person haha . eos
bos so . eos
bos say it again . eos
bos who is someone that is a positive influence ? eos
bos sigh . hmm . i do not really have anybody . like that . eos
bos okay . eos
bos to like go for walks but i do not always do that . and i do not always stick with it . haha . so . eos
bos yeah that is about it . eos
bos sigh . i would say . i am . a little below average meaning . that i get angry . more than most people do i think . eos
bos he asked for it in my opinion haha so haha . hmm . eos
bos it does haha . eos
bos anyways because of this . they are gonna be testifying against me in the custody trial saying that . eos
bos and not . trying to go and break all of my rules . sigh anyway haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos it is really . hard to believe so i feel very disrespected . unacknowledged angry frustrated . all those things haha . eos
bos haha . eos
bos to have my son taken from me because i am a really good mom . you know . sobbing . eos
bos financially than i could . but that does not mean i am not a good mom . haha . hmm . eos
bos not that bad . eos
bos a shock . and . i have just been trying to get back from it . but it is been hard . eos
bos did i think i had a problem before i found out ? found out what eos
bos another thing i am feeling bad about . you know . crying . eos
bos yes i do i try . eos
bos week where i can go in and cry haha that is i mean it is a release to be able to cry sometimes i feel better afterwards eos
bos yeah . and she helps me make decisions you know . help me to be more proactive in my life . eos
bos that life is not over haha that there is still more you know i could be doing . eos
bos with life yeah . eos
bos everything's always . bittersweet . i do not know . last time i was really happy . i do not know haha . eos
bos i cannot pay much attention when i am reading so haha i have a short attention span i can only read a couple chapters deep breath . eos
bos but lately i say that is what i have been doing is reading . eos
bos something i have read . xxx . eos
bos so i like to go out to t to their events . and i usually enjoy those . eos
bos and so like i said i am trying to be a writer so i try to go especially to the book signings . eos
bos and see what it is like to be an author who is . talking to a crowd and signing books haha . eos
bos my son . haha . eos
bos i do not have any friends . eos
bos and like a hard worker . i am dedicated to like self-improvement . that is all i can think of right now haha . okay . eos
bos okay . eos
bos goodbye ! press the buzzer now . eos
bos doing okay . eos
bos north carolina . eos
bos yep . eos
bos almost four years ago . eos
bos doing that with a group of friends and then got work after that and enjoyed the city so much and have been working out here since . eos
bos yep . eos
bos probably three th . at the most three times a year maybe twice usually the holidays maybe one random trip in there . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos seeing some friends but i feel more . i feel more like i belong in los angeles than i do back at home . eos
bos eh a lot of my passions ambitions in a much more functional and realistic way living in los angeles than i am in north carolina . eos
bos i cannot really change geography . eos
bos haha . haha i studied history and media studies and production . eos
bos yes i work as a freelance writer and producer . eos
bos control over my schedule and my life if i did it freelance so i have been doing it now for a little over a year now . eos
bos and i am planning on going to either vietnam or even back to europe in next couple months so . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos just eat a lot of food that i love in the places where they were originally created . eos
bos hmm reminded me again how important it is for me at least to travel and to get out of the world . eos
bos i am very outgoing i love talking to people and conversing . even virtual people . oop . i lost ya . eos
bos sad obviously so i will talk with her as much as i can but yeah just . pretty simple tastes . eos
bos yep . participant is talking to rachel who has entered the room to fix a problem with ellie . eos
bos haha . this is awkward is not . eos
bos i want to be done about it so it is pretty . i guess i am a pretty easygoing guy in that respect . eos
bos i guess in the classical sense of the word . eos
bos just my thoughts there . eos
bos a hard decision with like i said with that the same ex-girlfriend that i mentioned of it was probably hard because i knew i had to . eos
bos frightening it is gonna be but you know you have to get on the rollercoaster so yeah i would say that is probably of recent memory . eos
bos i . yeah i feel very strongly then about it and i felt i still feel very strongly that i made the right choice now . eos
bos if i can get if i can get four to six hours i am in pretty good shape that day so . eos
bos off day or if i am a sick day that no work gets done haha you know i am a small business that has one employee . eos
bos am sure will take years and years to do but i feel like as long as i am getting better at it then it is progress right eos
bos so hard har or so easy i should shou suppose to get in your own head about that . eos
bos but i realized it was just stupid for me to try to fight the battle on my own so i went and started seeing a therapist . eos
bos like oh this is all in my head and it is not even like a a symptom so yeah just a general malaise that comes with depression eos
bos i felt like therapy was not necessary and also i just did not really have the time to with as much work goes on so . eos
bos anything like that is definitely a something beneficial i cannot imagine how anyone could not benefit from having that on a somewhat of a routine basis . eos
bos the man he is . eos
bos how people feel about you even if you have the best intentions in the world so . eos
bos i do not lose sight of . the reality rea the reality of what i know is happening so . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos she was supposed to go to spain for two but she canceled that trip and came back and stayed with me for about ten days and . eos
bos someone that i can do that with and just it feels so practical and feels so right . eos
bos probably one of their better ones in just the sense that i am i know how much i appreciate and respect the friendships we have . eos
bos thanks ellie . eos
bos pretty good . eos
bos alexandria virginia . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i moved to la . end of two thousand one . eos
bos yeah it is crazy haha . eos
bos a couple times a year usually like for holidays . eos
bos always like i get a little restless when i am there and look forward to coming back here where there is a little more action sniffle . eos
bos i went to grad school at usc . eos
bos it was not bad . eos
bos film . eos
bos m movies are the thing that i love the most and am most passionate about so that is how i decided to go to film school . eos
bos in a little bit of a transitional period right now but yeah like for the last several years i have been producing like freelance producer sniffle . eos
bos like room to grow and advance and all that . sniffle . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos done a fair amount . eos
bos see . beautiful remarkable . places and just and things and just experience different ways of living and different languages and different cultures sniffle . eos
bos fan of vacations where you just like veg out and relax and like lie on a beach with a book so it sort of hit everything . eos
bos sniffle . eos
bos sort of escape relief . sniffle . eos
bos pretty good i do not i mean . eh it takes a lot to get me very angry it does not happen very often . sniffle . eos
bos the last time i argued with someone was haha my mom and it was about money haha deep breath . eos
bos i felt really frustrated because i felt like she was . like judging me unfairly . and that was upsetting . eos
bos yeah haha . eos
bos so i would say we have a pretty . pretty good relationship . eos
bos sent out a few more resumes or done more stuff like i feel guilty sometimes for not being like productive enough sniffle . eos
bos deep breath sigh . usually it is pretty easy the last couple weeks like has been uncharacteristically like not as good . eos
bos wake up sometimes i wake myself up sometimes haha because i am talking which is weird haha so yeah it is just i do not know . eos
bos in flux but . i do not know there was no like event . sniffle . eos
bos feeling . sniffle . eos
bos not really no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos many years ago sniffle . eos
bos i felt like i was . a really low and like too low for me to get myself out of it . sniffle . eos
bos answering emails was just like . it took so much energy . so yeah i just i was not really . functioning normally . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos yes . eos
bos yes . haha sometimes more than others but yeah overall i would say so . eos
bos i do not know it is just helpful haha i do not really real i do not really know how to explain it haha . eos
bos eh maybe over . over christmas being at home with my family . eos
bos it just felt very like . safe and comfortable and that just sort of like you know . warm familial embrace . eos
bos haha . eos
bos haha . eos
bos funny . and smart . and . a good listener . nonjudgmental . i do not know haha is that enough haha . eos
bos he was doing my job so . eos
bos angry when i think about it so yeah that was a very long explanation but that is what i wish haha . eos
bos i am . smart i am organized i deep breath . very like caring kind . i am conscientious . and i work hard sniffle . eos
bos know will make me happy and to just go out and get them as opposed to sitting back and waiting for opportunities to present themselves sniffle . eos
bos hmm sigh . probably just some of the . relationships that i formed with people . just like really . you know deep friendships . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos good . it is been a nice day . eos
bos the south bay . eos
bos can i ask you that question too ? eos
bos oh okay . that is where i am from basically but like the south bay of it . eos
bos not much i have been wanting to move anyways . eos
bos just to get a change-up everybody thinks la is like . everything it is the best but . it is too many people and too much traffic . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos i cannot see your shoes . sniffle . eos
bos driving and seeing new stuff . eos
bos from here and . stayed out for like a month living in my vw bus with my wife it was kinda cool camping . eos
bos just wanted to have fun something different . eos
bos art . eos
bos no a little bit . eos
bos probably doing what you are doing . haha . i am really interested in coming up with new ideas and stuff too . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos outgoing . eos
bos haha . i have not been doing much to do relax relaxing lately but i like the beach . eos
bos good . eos
bos i argued with my brother last night actually about him . talking to me with more respect . as a person . eos
bos i was mad and i wanted to fight . eos
bos it is good but sometimes they are just . they are too caught up in what they are doing to pay attention to other people's feelings . eos
bos like with my brother he is just . he is just tense because of his situation and he tried to brush br brush it off on me . eos
bos wasting money because i am married now . eos
bos yeah not doing it . eos
bos something like probably taking some candy from the store no . taking money from my mom when i was like real young . because she . eos
bos i think i took like twenty from her purse and bought candy for my friends and . i felt guilty though like the same day . eos
bos probably yeah that was probably the beginning of my stupid activities . eos
bos all my life or in the past couple years . eos
bos my wife . eos
bos i am married to her . we have known each other for about two years . i met her at an art walk . eos
bos she actually went to usc too . eos
bos the past couple days has been . kinda hard but i usually go to sleep good . eos
bos i think i am kinda snappy sn i think i am snappy . eos
bos positive optimistic . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos knowing that stuff is gonna come to me . speaking to the universe . eos
bos easy if you just try it and do it . everybody's got a spirit . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no i just told you i feel positive . eos
bos i was happy yesterday yester i happy yesterday because i you know i made a couple good decisions . eos
bos wanting to be positive and stay away from negative people . eos
bos being alive . knowing god . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos i do not know i cannot think of something now . eos
bos haha . hmm i do not think i can have one . eos
bos sex . exercising . waking up positive and having a good meal in the morning . eos
bos i think driving to sacramento that time . eos
bos no . eos
bos do not smoke cigarettes and watch how you spend your money ? are you gonna sell my ideas and my haha thoughts eos
bos i cannot think of it right now . eos
bos i am doing okay it is still morning so . eos
bos i am from the east coast massachusetts . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i moved to la when i was a child with my parents pretty much did not have any choice in the matter haha . eos
bos i have not been back there the last time i was back there was three years ago for christmas . eos
bos the thought pattern is a lot different you know your neighbors you are friendly to your neighbors and to anybody that you see in the street . eos
bos so the . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos but . after all that surpassed i was wa i did fine in high shcool and stuff and even took some college courses . eos
bos and i like walking along the beach i just live a few blocks away from the beach so it is easy . eos
bos no . not at all . eos
bos overseas . eos
bos but i had some problems at home which caused me to drop out . sniffle . eos
bos oh that is alright . eos
bos the job that they love i mean like football players they love playing football and they get paid all that money how great is that haha . eos
bos so . eos
bos and but once i have decided that i like that person or whatever i talk a lot . so . eos
bos like i used to like reading but lately my concentration level has not been so great so it is hard to get into a good book . eos
bos not good at times i have a . some outburst every once in awhile so s eh it depends on how angry i get . eos
bos ugly attitude and i do not appreciate that and if i feel that i am being disrespected or whichever i am gonna stand up for myself . eos
bos so . eos
bos last year my mother died . so . i wish i handled that differently . eos
bos it upsets ups it is upsets me . so . eos
bos it is okay . eos
bos let me see . deep breath . sigh . i think i am gonna pass on that one too because that'll upset me more so haha . eos
bos sniffle . eos
bos not be a problem especially you know when you are done working and doing everything that you had to do in a day you are tired . eos
bos i will go out in the living room turn on the tv and watch tv i am lucky if i get three to four hours sleep . eos
bos and . the stressfulness of work and then all this other stuff so that is probably a big burst part of it . eos
bos it eh just affects everything your concentration your sleep your eating . everything so . eos
bos i like the nights but i do not like the morning it is like leave me alone until i get my first cup of coffee . eos
bos yeah . so other than that . i am . i am okay . eos
bos that i have not done in a year because of what happened . eos
bos so sometimes it is hard it seems like i am struggling to get through the day . eos
bos yes i have a psychiatrist that prescribes me medication on a regular basis . eos
bos gotten over i do not know whether or not . you can so i have always taken the medicine . eos
bos which caused me to be hospitalized . and then . they started treating me i started seeing a therapist . so . eos
bos as to how to deal with the emotions . tools to help you deal with your emotions . eos
bos so . eos
bos lacked l lacked patience with her . i still was a heck of a lot happier . than i am now . so . eos
bos sigh . i would say when my son was born years ago . eos
bos i am not a parent anymore he passed away . so . and that was difficult as well . eos
bos  eos
bos and . you know those qualities are admirable in people that can keep their word and be responsible . eos
bos excuse me . eos
bos but sometimes so sometimes it is a lot easier said than done . eos
bos i find most of the times people do not listen to you anyway so why bother . i just state my opinion that is all . eos
bos and so now i am kinda like on a diet trying to lose this weight because it is very unhealthy for me . eos
bos i have been content and happy with who i am and what i am doing in my life right now . eos
bos not if i was younger you know it would be fun you know go out clubbing or whatever but i am too old for that now . eos
bos xxx . eos
bos hmm really there is nothing that i can think of . there is nothing that i can be proud of . hmm . eos
bos but hmm just that is it you know go g maybe go out for a walk on the beach that is it . eos
bos okay . eos
bos no problem thank you . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos i grew up in wisconsin and i lived in colorado for a bit and then i lived overseas for a little while then i moved to california . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i moved here at the end of june of last year so i guess it is been what eight months something like that . eos
bos sigh . at the most probably twice a year . eos
bos haha well my hometown is all of five thousand people and there are a lot of cows and barns and farms so the opposite of la haha . eos
bos relationship ended so i was totally free to move and i thought well i guess i will give la a try and see what happens so . eos
bos so i gave it a shot and here i am . eos
bos and . yeah so just getting around here and getting familiar with the city was pretty challenging and . yeah . so . eos
bos i was in morocco and i was in costa rica . i have spent some time in mexico so . yeah . eos
bos not just seeing what is different but seeing what is similar among people everywhere you go . eos
bos yeah it is a really cool culture so it was fun . eos
bos when you actually get there and experience it is it like the pictures do not do it justice so it was incredible . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i have an undergrad degree in english and psychology and a psychology minor and i have a master's degree in women studies . eos
bos took that on and created something out of it because most people who get an english degree just teach and i was not wanting to teach . eos
bos to . guess i am not clear on the question . eos
bos okay . eos
bos a motivational speaker and trainer and coach . and traveling the world doing that and impacting people's lives and . really contributing to people . eos
bos last may and we have been . we have you know cleared things up and have been in communication since then so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am shy . eos
bos i feel connected to the people in my life and to the experiences of my life so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos depends if i am driving not very good but otherwise i am pretty good at it haha . eos
bos oh no it was with the la times about the newspaper delivery . yeah that was the last time so . eos
bos angry with the la times i was angry with the people who did forwarded the newspaper and did not tell me yeah i was pretty frustrated . eos
bos would have made the call go a lot smoother . eos
bos a twelve hour drive away or a plane ride away so that was it was challenging . eos
bos i found some work that was really rewarding and so it all came together and i chose to move . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos even so even when i wake up from those or if i you know stir from those i still can fall back to sleep relatively easily . eos
bos and she creates a lot of anxiety just in her state of being she is exhausting and utterly depressing . so . yeah . eos
bos do it again if i honestly if i knew what i was getting into i do not think i would have said yes to the situation . eos
bos and hmm my money's not working at all . so yeah it feels pretty crappy . eos
bos haha thanks . eos
bos i have in the past yeah . eos
bos oh a long time i was fifteen i think or fourteen so it was over twenty years ago . eos
bos i was suicidal . eos
bos oh yeah i feel down hmm . eos
bos i do not actually no . eos
bos think i was wa it was in my early thirties . and then i we ended that because i would moved to ireland so . eos
bos i do not go into therapy thinking oh i am gonna be in this therapeutic relationship for the next ten years i think that is ridiculous . eos
bos and tools for the rest of your life so that you do not have to be in therapy forever . eos
bos no i that is not true it was . when i . saw my biological mother which was last may . eos
bos i . am very supportive and loving and nurturing . i am easy to be around . i am intelligent . and . yeah . eos
bos anything i regret . i do not think so . no . eos
bos sigh do not take life too seriously . haha . eos
bos and then i have brunch with friends and . yeah i go home and sunday night i get ready for the next day so . eos
bos goals or those . yeah i have done things that i have wanted to do like move to ireland and move to california . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos okay . eos
bos sure . eos
bos pretty good . eos
bos i grew up in boston . eos
bos about thirty years ago . eos
bos yep . eos
bos not too often . maybe once a year sometimes less . eos
bos oh i love living in la i do not ever wanna live anywhere else . eos
bos the weather was good and . that is part of it . eos
bos to just be in a new environment and to be away from everybody i knew but after a few weeks it was great . eos
bos broadcast journalism . eos
bos and everything i did from the time i was twelve until i went to college was sort of in pursuit of that dream . eos
bos no haha . eos
bos cut-throat of a business and it just really was not suited for me it did not make me happy . eos
bos yep sigh . eos
bos my dream job is working with football players and helping them recover from concussions and other injuries . eos
bos very hard i am very good at what i do the hard part is finding the right people and making the connections to work with them . eos
bos it . eos
bos i used to i do not travel so much right now . eos
bos i love seeing different places and different things like i love going to places that are not like . where i am from . eos
bos my favorite trip is i went to australia for my thirtieth birthday . eos
bos because i wanted to lose my thirtieth birthday as i crossed the international date line . eos
bos with all these wild dolphins and they come and they swim with you . and it is amazing just a beautiful spot in the world . eos
bos more shy sigh . eos
bos deep breath . i just prefer to be quiet and i would rather be with fewer people than lots of people . so sigh . eos
bos and i also walk on the beach because i live close to the beach so that is one of my favorite things to relax . eos
bos deep breath pretty good . it depends on the situation but most of the time i am pretty good . eos
bos deep breath i do not think i tend to argue with people i think i just get mad about situations . but not at people directly sigh . eos
bos sigh hmm sigh . i do not know if i feel guilty about anything at the moment . eos
bos not sure i have one at the moment . eos
bos not considerate . about their neighbors that just makes me really mad sigh . eos
bos yeah sigh . eos
bos but at the time it was really difficult to do that . eos
bos pretty easy i sleep pretty well sigh . eos
bos but i it is because i am worried but you know i am also confident that things are gonna work out . eos
bos nope sigh . eos
bos nope . eos
bos super happy all the time but i do not feel unhappy either sort of like just . even . keel . eos
bos she was there one night so i really enjoyed catching up with her and . seeing her again so that was very pleasant sigh . eos
bos deep breath i think . they would say reliable . and . loyal sigh . and . considerate and thoughtful . eos
bos i think . there are lots of things maybe i would do differently but there is nothing that really i regret . eos
bos to think about things that i regret . so i do not have a lot of xxx regrets about things . eos
bos deep breath oh that is a good question sigh do not worry about the small stuff . and save more money haha . eos
bos sigh . think be a little more fearless maybe sigh . be a little more bold . eos
bos i do not think i have any the of those . eos
bos that is something i enjoy . so that would be ideal at this point my weekends if i were really busy . eos
bos but . i feel like i have done what i said i was gonna do . eos
bos they have other things on their mind . eos
bos like he is a good role model . for me the way he holds his work and the way he lives his life . eos
bos are pretty close we are not you know best of friends but i do i know that i can call him any time i need him . eos
bos usually being with my friends or going out to dinner . or sigh . yeah just spending time with my friends . eos
bos okay . eos
bos thanks sigh . eos
bos i am feeling okay little bit tired but for the most part feeling pretty good . eos
bos about hmm probably around nineteen ninety three so i mean i am twenty three now so . eos
bos it is about what yeah nineteen years or so i have been living there yeah . clears throat . eos
bos definitely you know just kinda like the nightlife you know . just people in general i like conversing with others so yeah . clears throat . eos
bos right . yep . eos
bos pretty much all over i would say so but usually mainly like hawaii and the caribbean mexico as well so . eos
bos yep clears throat . eos
bos it is just you know it is something new to experience i would say . something that you know people have not seen before so . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos we went to let us see i think it was kauai went to oahu . maui you know places like that so . clears throat . eos
bos yep . eos
bos just seeing you know new different things that are unique so . clears throat . eos
bos yeah . i actually study journalism right now i am in my final semester . so i am about bout to graduate couple months . clears throat . eos
bos yep . eos
bos kinda you know receive information gather information that sorta deal and then you know write up stories . eos
bos i just thought it was you know it was a lot more interesting for me as opposed to you know just kinda crunching numbers all day so . eos
bos yep . eos
bos sports broadcasting you know i think that would be really interesting something that is definitely a passion of mine . so . clears throat . eos
bos things are you know . getting back up to speed i would say things are going pretty well . clears throat . eos
bos or at times you know i can be a little bit shy but you know once i get the conversation going i am fairly talkative and . eos
bos so . clears throat . eos
bos so . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos and you know it is made me a better person because of it clears throat . eos
bos you know i am wrong in certain cer you know certain circumstances . eos
bos clears throat . yeah . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos been best friends with him sigh since i was probably about five six years old . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos activities like any other person you know go to the beach hang out watch movies you know grab a few beers that sorta deal so yeah . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos i usually get a pretty good sleep clears throat . eos
bos and yeah things are just going pretty well right now i cannot complain clears throat . eos
bos you know i am enjoying life so it is the that is the best part . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos i have not . no . eos
bos nope . eos
bos no . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos it is just one of those things that you have to deal with in your own way . clears throat . eos
bos basically you know just always be nice be honest . just be caring toward others so . clears throat . eos
bos clears throat . yeah . eos
bos you know just have casual conversation maybe play games watch movies you know just the standard stuff that people do so . clears throat . eos
bos get a little lackadaisical so i wish i could improve upon that and not procrastinate as much so . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos they were out of character so . clears throat . eos
bos like i like making new relationships . i like making people laugh clears throat . eos
bos you know it is right in your face and you can tell yourself you know like i did that . so . eos
bos makes me feel good yep . clears throat . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos you know in the near future . i think that is one thing that i am most proud of . clears throat . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i am fine i am doing alright . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am from maryland . eos
bos yeah . from maryland washington dc area . eos
bos like five weeks ago . eos
bos haha . eos
bos la's a lot better though it is a lot it is a lot more people lot more going on . eos
bos it is . it is not like . yeah i am still getiing used to it is coming slowly but surely . eos
bos i live in culver city . eos
bos i do i have one . eos
bos me stay there for half price but the actual like place itself is pretty horrible horr horrible living conditions haha but i am moving soon so . eos
bos people in the us like considering that most people do not travel in the us but i would not call myself a world traveler or anything . eos
bos so different from how someone in maryland grows up and then to think about someone in like thailand or something growing up it is pretty amazing . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos okay . hmm . putting me on the spot here ellie . eos
bos so . incredible incred eh yeah it is just it is unreal un yeah it is unreal . eos
bos i . hmm . you know i you can you come back to that question are you capable of that . eos
bos yeah . come back to it . eos
bos yeah . that is what i just said . eos
bos film . eos
bos as movies are concerned i did not my parents did not let me see an r-rated movie until i was like in high school almost like . eos
bos the first scene in darth dar star wars darth vader crack like breaks a guy's neck . eos
bos and so just a little scene very at the very beginning and that like freaked me out and i had to leave the room so . eos
bos i have always been fascinated by like . how people interact and what like you know acting and stuff so and movies in general . eos
bos i am yes . eos
bos all the processes but . eos
bos i guess the best parabole for that would be a director . directing . eos
bos so it is i have like a . a complicated relationship with my parents . i mean mea and my family in general . eos
bos i am not i probably would consider myself on the scheme of extroversion or on the scale of extroversion sorry i would consider myself extremely introverted . eos
bos so i like to like . until . yeah i am but i am working on it i am working on it . eos
bos go on a an intense walk do not really exercise that much but i like . you know competitive sports and hiking . eos
bos pretty good . eos
bos because i will not like revert to personal you know attacks . in my arguments i try to keep it on subject . eos
bos one of my weaker points i would say . but the last time i had a heated debate i think that was that the question . eos
bos  eos
bos what happened i forget the question that i had a heated debate ? eos
bos like best movies haha why did they think it was the best movie . eos
bos because i had seen it before many years ago and eh i my opinion of it is basically the same even though like i remember like . eos
bos then to and then there were that led us to discuss because a movie that i saw recently that i really did like was django unchained . eos
bos the . big purpose of the movie is . eos
bos sacrifice themself for someone else . eos
bos the most altruistic type decision there is maybe like kernels of self self-interest in there but she made it sound like self-interest was the only motivating factor eos
bos well you are an idiot . you know like it was not it did not turn into abuse of any sort . eos
bos yeah i am glad you understand . deep breath . eos
bos not sync s always sync together into like a coherent story it is like this moment and that moment and this moment and that moment so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos the hardest decision i have ever had to make . oh geez . could it just be one of the hardest decisions . eos
bos i went to school in new york and the decision to leave new york after having lived there for five years was a was very difficult . eos
bos which was not which did not end up happening but that was the only way that i could . leave new york . eos
bos it was how hard was that . or how hard is . eos
bos thing but that was the way that i kind of saw it at the time so i did not like you know just being socially isolated etcetera eos
bos yeah . eos
bos too much riled up energy or something i do not know . eos
bos without caffeine it is . i am just quieter i guess . eos
bos more introverted . eos
bos since . like lately as in when . eos
bos you know . you know sigh . eos
bos no i just . eos
bos nope . eos
bos but i guess it is hard to think that i have not been really truly happy since then but when you are making a movie like . eos
bos cannot allow yourself to be happy really real especially if you are doing it you know basically by yourself with wi with like xxx like cannot . eos
bos it is too much else to do so . eos
bos and . open o open ope like . excited about new ideas and open to new ideas and . yeah . eos
bos sigh yeah i xxx . i other things i would change about myself i would . i would . i do not know haha . eos
bos yeah it is just thing things that i could not like . there is no yeah i do not know . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos would have taken up like some done do taken piano learn to read music would be a big thing for me learn to play the drums . eos
bos do not know i guess stay do not stay sta stay focused fo yeah i do not know that is a tough question que tough question ellie eos
bos that is it . eos
bos sure . eos
bos okay . eos
bos from santa monica . eos
bos the people . mostly . eos
bos sigh well the people also haha . eos
bos haha . eos
bos no not a lot . eos
bos well i cannot afford to travel as much as i would like to . eos
bos hmm i was an english major . eos
bos i just liked reading a lot at the time so . it sounded like the best thing well the most fun thing to study . eos
bos no not anymore . eos
bos oh i guess my dream job would be to . manage a soccer club . eos
bos oh it would be pretty much impossible for me . eos
bos i do not have any experience haha in that field . eos
bos i am very shy . eos
bos i play music . eos
bos i cannot think of anything i do not know . i do not think yeah i do not do anything specifically . eos
bos pretty good i would say very good i do not lose my temper very often . eos
bos yeah i do not have a lot of conflicts with people i cannot remember the last time i argued with someone . eos
bos yeah maybe i would want to erase that from my memory if i could . eos
bos at the time that it actually happened i was not really upset it was more the aftermath of it . eos
bos hmm it was wa it was . eos
bos i did not marry the girl that i think that i should have married . so . that is a big one for me . eos
bos i did not do what i should have done what the smart thing would have been . eos
bos i never feel like i can help anyone . who i know who has a problem so . eos
bos feel like i can really give them anything or help them in their lives you know . eos
bos i think a lot of families are that way but it is . it does bother me that mine is that way . eos
bos oh it is very easy i sleep a lot and i . yeah i have no problem sleeping at all . eos
bos even when i was a little kid i slept a lot also and . no i do not think i have changed much . eos
bos i have always been this way so . it is hard to say that is it is down when it is consistently that way . eos
bos yes . eos
bos a long . oh a long time ago i was . about ten years old or . around there about . eos
bos to a therapist and then to a psychologist and then to a psychiatrist and . it went from there . eos
bos no i have not gone to therapy . since i was a teenager . eos
bos so . one day i just . decided i did not wanna go anymore . eh . eos
bos well like i said it i did not feel that it helped me . so i guess it i do not know that it affected me much . eos
bos no i would not say . disturbing . no . eos
bos my best friend's children are i feel like they are my nephew and my niece and i am pretty happy when i am around them . eos
bos really enjoy just getting out of the city every weekend . eh going anywhere really just anywhere out of the city . eos
bos and i also like historical places i am into history and i enjoy just visiting anywhere that has some sort of a . historical significance . eos
bos haha . eos
bos and yeah it was really fun i think the church where the wedding was like a thousand years old so . eos
bos yeah it was a really cool trip . eos
bos sigh . sigh like i do not know i do not haha i do not know what is what would be considered memorable . eos
bos hmm particular day or any particular moment you know . eos
bos those two things mainly i guess i would like to be more social more enthusiastic and more . and healthier . eos
bos and probably he would say that i am creative also . eos
bos sigh wow . well my advice to myself . i do not understand the question haha . eos
bos yeah but we already talked about it . eos
bos anyway even if i did have something haha to be proud of no i cannot think of anything anythi any sort of accomplishment i have had . eos
bos haha and i do not usually do that but . yeah i had a that was a lot of fun a few days ago . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i am doing fine . eos
bos i am from columbia south carolina . eos
bos yep . eos
bos two thousand four . eos
bos yeah . haha . eos
bos once a year for christmas break . eos
bos a lot slower paced . eos
bos more xxx . i wanted to perform perf to pursue a film degree or i am sorry a film career . eos
bos yes . eos
bos it is pretty challenging but it is fun . eos
bos i have always had a interest inter interest in film and movies so it seemed like a natural pick for me . eos
bos took about a couple of years . but . i feel like i am pretty used to it now . eos
bos i like that it does not snow it is warm weather . and there is lots do to with a lot of beaches . eos
bos the traffic . and the cost of living is pretty high . eos
bos haha . i have never been outside of the us but i would love to at some point . eos
bos it depends on the situation i can either be introverted or extroverted just given the right circumstance . eos
bos i like listening to music doing crossword puzzles . reading and hanging out with friends on weekends . eos
bos very good . eos
bos but it was pretty tame . eos
bos i think it was a . debate over sports . over a basketball ba a basketball game . and . eos
bos it is natural to you know . not always agree on things . so . eos
bos i think talking ta talking about is healthy hea is healthy . eos
bos so . there is no one that i have ever had any rifts with . eos
bos hmm . with my family . eos
bos but for the most part i had a good childhood and there is not much i would change about it . eos
bos exciting . so it was a bittersweet feeling . a lot of excitement mixed with some anxiety but it . it went away pretty quickly . eos
bos sure . eos
bos not doing better in school when i was in high school . eos
bos definitely i could have been a ss more diligent worker and i could have applied myself a little bit better . eos
bos hmm . i have always had a strong support s family support system . and parents and siblings . so . that is definitely a positive thing . eos
bos scholastically sch scholastically related . eos
bos it is pretty easy . eos
bos when i do not sleep well ? i tend to be kinda lackadaisical and just tired throughout the day kinda groggy eos
bos no everything's pretty much the way it usually is with me . eos
bos i have been feeling pretty good . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos i am still kinda have the lingering effects from that happiness . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos things and more optimistic and this city being such about your finances it always makes you feel good to be ahead of the game and to have eos
bos xxx have sources of income . eos
bos i think i am creative . and i think i am a good listener . eos
bos a lot eh . your life will be a lot easier . eos
bos i wish i was more . disciplined . but i am working on that and i have gotten a lot better . at that . eos
bos i definitely seen a change from when i first came out here . eos
bos i think it could be an invaluable tool you know listening to what other people . have to say that might be negative . eos
bos hmm . probably optimistic and . outgoing optimistic and . helpful . eos
bos you know packed in the car and just lots of disposable income . and you know good weather . eos
bos i have not been to vegas in probably five years but . i have gone to casinos with my brother and that is pretty fun sometimes . eos
bos i think i know what is important in life now and i am more focused and going after what i want . eos
bos but it does not really make me mad it makes me frustrated and . i guess i take it in stride though . eos
bos i had a friend over at my apartment and i watched a movie and that was fun . eos
bos it was a documentary . eos
bos a sport s a sports . eos
bos sure . eos
bos change of feeling just now looking at you haha the digitial you that i am saying i do not know it is yeah it is funny . eos
bos be like better understood with a human interaction as opposed to a non human entity such as yourself . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos that is where i am from . eos
bos there is a lot to gain from the different communities if you understand haha yeah . eos
bos atmosphere human atmosphere that . is not very conducive for a . supporting loving community to help each other out kind of thing . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos haha but i love to travel i do love hiking i do love surfing swimming biking riding taking rides haha i do love to travel yeah . eos
bos so i love traveling because i get to get out of this and see the world as it is . eos
bos thanks haha . eos
bos would you ? haha okay haha eos
bos and i just got to breath and hike . and farm and do a lot of carpentry . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos not hard you do not even think about difficulty when you are doing things you truly love and enjoy so it was not . eos
bos get out of here and . kind of . kind of just get out of here really and just experience the real deal yeah . eos
bos studying physical therapy i am about to become a licensed massage therapist but before that yeah kind of cool but before that i was going to . eos
bos films animations dance productions theater productions . stuff like that yeah it was cool it was fun trippy . eos
bos is not the deal not trying to . trap myself with these chains of federal loans . eos
bos so yeah . eos
bos hey that is not a good word sucks haha . eos
bos the modern human world . and with you know physical therapy and artistic expression . i have got some . great ideas haha yeah . eos
bos i guess more outgoing i just like experiencing things so outgoing yeah . eos
bos just kind of breath it out chill maybe make a smoothie or some tea and i go bike riding write yeah . eos
bos hmm . pretty good i guess i have not . yelled in a long time . eos
bos things are not ready to be written . yeah so yesterday . eos
bos that is tough i have not had that feeling in a long time guilt . what about you what is something you feel guilty about . eos
bos haha . okay . eos
bos i would feel something was lacking from my current present life if . something just got erased you know butterfly effect kind of like yeah . eos
bos yeah with us separating but that is something i wish . maybe i handled a little more thoughtfully . eos
bos yeah that could have been the hardest . eos
bos big issue tution hikes going around the whole nation not a fan of that not a fan of support s not a fan of support that . eos
bos that is a funny idea in itself already and basically i was a musician . being taught by a musician . eos
bos with you know all the dancers or the theatre students you know getting taught dance to a dancer from a dancer how to dance you know . eos
bos art would be art shh art comes from somewhere sweet and deep and purple and not from out there you know so yeah . eos
bos but if i just get deluded with all my thought then it takes a long time until i remember to breathe yeah . eos
bos like chamomile and cannabis and . just going just relieving myself of bad juju haha . eos
bos hmm . hmm i guess not if i cannot think of something no . eos
bos some people would not like this but i really like that and it is . it is stable . yeah it is comfortable yeah . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos not by a certified medical professional no but no i have not haha . eos
bos am really happy i think i am really angry i think i am really friendly you know all that but just on different variants different floats . eos
bos really sad a lot but really happy was i guess maybe this morning when i just biking over here just enjoying the sun enjoying the breeze biking eos
bos yeah it is haha . eos
bos that maybe i am just maybe in a nutshell just kind of aquarius i guess . eos
bos be . be a beautiful baby that is what i would have told myself or yeah be a beautiful baby . eos
bos i am really comfortable with it and with other peoples and melting our ideas together . yeah . eos
bos past glory that i am not capable of fulfilling today so i think the proudest moment of my life is right now chiling hanging with you . eos
bos yeah thank you . eos
bos we are really cool mom mama i am really chill with love her to death . eos
bos yeah there needs to be more communication which is being worked upon . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos cool yeah thanks for wondering about my thoughts . eos
bos goodbye ! so i guess i . push this guy . eos
bos oh so i could still talk to you . haha . or i could push this button . eos
bos but this is kind of fun haha . eos
bos and you can laught you should laugh one more time haha can you do other things than laugh . eos
bos i am doing fine . eos
bos indiana . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i do not know maybe ten years ago . eos
bos never . eos
bos just do not like the cold weather . eos
bos la has beautiful weather and . activities all the time . eos
bos new life . eos
bos reasonably easy . eos
bos the good weather the ocean . and there is always something to do . eos
bos hmm . the traffic . eos
bos sometimes . eos
bos seeing new places and visiting new people . eos
bos well a couple years ago i went to the catalina islands for my birthday . eos
bos i was i spent the whole day on the catalina islands . i took a boat there . eos
bos hopping on the airplane and leaving indiana for good . eos
bos okay . eos
bos sleeping . eos
bos being a filmmaker . eos
bos because it is one job i have not had yet . eos
bos not too hard . eos
bos shy . eos
bos hmm . because of my past . eos
bos i . just have trouble making new friends and . just let l trusting people . eos
bos okay . eos
bos watch tv or go to the movies . eos
bos i really do not have a temper . eos
bos when i was sixteen my stepfather ? because of nightmares i was having eos
bos i was just having nightmares about my childhood . about my involving my biological father . eos
bos so far i have no idea if they are or not . eos
bos go for a walk or drive . eos
bos maybe a few days ago . eos
bos just walked around the block a few times . eos
bos pushing people away . eos
bos i guess . try to trust them a little bit more . let them in my life little bit more . eos
bos well that would be easy that would be the first half of my life . eos
bos it would be easier to start a new life if i cannot remember my old one haha . eos
bos really i hmm all my decisions is not that hard i just try to avoid stress and everything so i do not really have hard decisions ? eos
bos well every time i push someone away i wish i handled all those situations differently . eos
bos well whenever someone gets too involved volve involved in my life . i always say or do something to make them want to stay away from me . eos
bos this . depending on the type of person they are . eos
bos a half of a brother in indiana . my stepfather's in arizona . other than that i have no relationship with any of them . eos
bos we really do not talk . so it is kind of hard to talk about them haha . eos
bos edgar cayce . eos
bos well he died way before i was born and i only know him from like books and documentaries . eos
bos i usually use usually take me like a few hours to get to finally get to sleep once i lay down in my bed eos
bos a few times i might even try to listen to music for one hour just to see if it calms me down . eos
bos stressed out . and just yeah just basically a little stressed out . eos
bos well i have been feeling a little bit lately leet a little bit upset and . just wish my life was different . eos
bos well i wish i had friends and loved ones and all of that and i wish i had an actual relationship and everything but i do not . eos
bos just . removing just different things out my life and trying to incorporate new things . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i guess we are number sixteen . eos
bos nightmares . eos
bos stopped a while back because it was getting too stressful . eos
bos and . yeah so i just did not feel too much beneficial help from them so i have been looking for alternative means . eos
bos well just basically like music and . going forcing myself to go to like different social related events . eos
bos yes . eos
bos depressed . hmm just but basically just depressed keeping myself locked in . not talking to anyone . eos
bos i guess a few days ago . eos
bos and talking to people that way . so they do not know who i really am . they do not even know my real name . eos
bos just try to spend the day in that area . and just . yeah so that is the weekend . eos
bos my life . eos
bos i just regret how my life turned out i wish i had a more normal stable life . eos
bos to basically . tell myself . how my life will turn out now . so that way hopefully the other me will make different choices . eos
bos my mind . eos
bos a lot better . and i wish i had a bunch of people in my life that i could call friends . eos
bos and everything because . yeah basically bay yeah just basically . the fact i am a freaking genius okay . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos good how are you . eos
bos los angeles . eos
bos weather . entertainment . eos
bos traffic . eos
bos no . eos
bos too t too many people . eos
bos business . eos
bos just fun thing to do . eos
bos yes . eos
bos nothing much to talk about . eos
bos hmm maybe talking to you . eos
bos pretty good environment . eos
bos pretty good . eos
bos the middle . eos
bos sleep . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos do not remember ? eos
bos no nothing really . eos
bos i do not know i cannot remember . eos
bos bad people . eos
bos you know just bad people doing back things . eos
bos car accidents . eos
bos hmm do not know any of them . eos
bos do not really know any ? eos
bos nobody . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos somewhat okay . eos
bos just waking up thinking . eos
bos no i do not know . eos
bos no . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos hmm do not remember . eos
bos i do not know talking to you . eos
bos first time i have done this before . eos
bos i have no idea . sleep . eos
bos not too much . eos
bos nothing . eos
bos do not have any experience ? eos
bos i do not know not sure . eos
bos just be a nice person . eos
bos not sure . eos
bos nothing much . eos
bos no . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos i do not know . play sports . eos
bos basketball . eos
bos hmm last month . eos
bos oh fine a little tired but i found out my thyroid is i think acting up so haha . eos
bos i was born in canada . eos
bos and it is grey today too so the grey weather makes you kinda you know sluggish . eos
bos the haha . eos
bos oh my gosh years and years ago . eos
bos not at all i do not think i have gone back there haha for a long time . eos
bos travel as much as it is a fun thing to do it is cost prohibitive so . eos
bos huh . eos
bos but i like it here and you know the traffic's kind of heavy but that is a small thing to deal with . so . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos this became our home base and that is why eos
bos easy very easy so . eos
bos huh . eos
bos and i graduated with a degree in liberal arts so . eos
bos i do not know . cannot really pinpoint why haha . eos
bos so . eos
bos i am a leasing consultant part time . eos
bos i mean everything has plus and minuses it is okay it is not i do not really see too many negatives . eos
bos oh . probably to work as a gossip columnist at . tmz or one of those networks haha . eos
bos but that would be my dream job or probably working with cats you know animals . eos
bos so . eos
bos you know reserved people out there so i am kinda east coast very you know i go up to people and talk to them very social . eos
bos take a walk call my friends . million things haha so . eos
bos irritating but i am actually pretty i am not the type of person that will fight or get i do not like to have confrontations so . eos
bos i cannot really remember . so as i said there is not very many arguments usually i . avoid arguments at any cost sigh so . eos
bos i do not really feel guilty about anything haha right now or that i can think of . eos
bos hmm . i cannot think of anything right now . eos
bos that type of thing so it kinda makes certain things easier when you do not have a family to consider . eos
bos hmm . yeah . eos
bos longer i mean he died at the age of seventy seven and you know would have been nice to have him around a little bit more . eos
bos but . you know cannot control those things life has it is own way of dealing with . that . so . eos
bos hmm . yes there are haha yin and yang that is ancient . philosophy and it really applies there is pluses an minuses and negatives and positives . eos
bos so . eos
bos so . eos
bos hmm we have a small family . eos
bos but . i do not know the ones that i have seen recently they are very . well-behaved so cannot say much else about that . eos
bos run through the bedroom wall haha so it sounds like niagara falls in there and so i do not . eos
bos you know . taking later showers haha washing clothes at night that is . i cannot say anything to her about that . eos
bos for now you know that is i will deal with it so . eos
bos am not as motivated when the weather's kinda blah so it is a combination of both not getting my exercise and not getting eight hours sleep . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos so the sun does not come out that much so i am not getting my serotonin haha i need that . eos
bos and . you know once the sun comes out i am kinda more energetic it just gives you that more energy so . eos
bos no hmm . eos
bos no . eos
bos like to be around other people i mean of course i like my private time but i do like being around people quite a bit so . eos
bos cannot think of anything right now i mean i usually enjoy everything i do there is nothing that stands out more than anything else so . eos
bos no i never regret anything . eos
bos wasted time with certain people . i do not know those are the things that come to mind . eos
bos maybe started saving money earlier you know those types of things . eos
bos but . hmm . eos
bos i listen i am a good listener i am very patient haha as well so . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos rel it is so easy to relax you know it is hard to get up and move around you have to talk yourself into it so . eos
bos more energy too if you lose weight so that is a big thing as well but that is probably the thing just the weight thing yeah . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i think you might have asked me that question before haha . eos
bos but if you want i will repeat it so . eos
bos do not d i do not let things get me down too much so . eos
bos hmm . that is a hard question haha the . cannot think i mean i am . cannot think of to answer that one haha so haha . eos
bos that is kind of . you know . part of it yeah that i mentioned so . eos
bos the foods enjoying foods in diffferent countries . the architecture . it is just kinda neat to get away and see a completely different place . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos here in beverly hills there is an area that is more african af african and they have swapmeets on the weekends that are wonderful for international . eos
bos but that is probably my favorite country i have been to italy as well so . eos
bos  eos
bos so yeah that is . hmm . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos haha . eos
bos hmm . thank you . eos
bos great ! eos
bos philadelphia . eos
bos about five years ago . eos
bos once a year . eos
bos it does not . eos
bos la is a lot more fun . eos
bos for acting . eos
bos sure . eos
bos when i was young it was all that i wanted to do ? eos
bos my dream job . is an actor on an hbo series . eos
bos moderately . eos
bos meeting new people eating new food . eos
bos i do not really feel like talking about it . eos
bos deep breath i can be shy at times i could be outgoing maybe a little bit of both . eos
bos just take a deep breath or maybe do some reading . eos
bos pretty good . eos
bos wow it was maybe about two months ago . my brother and i were arguing over rent payments . eos
bos yeah it does . eos
bos it is very good very strong . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos cannot really say i do not really feel guilty often . eos
bos i do not really have anything that i would like to erase from my memory . eos
bos huh what makes me mad . ignorance racism . things likes that . eos
bos that i wish i would have handled differently . i do not really feel like discussing that . eos
bos or to stay in la so it is a tough decision . eos
bos to do what . eos
bos okay . eos
bos it is pretty easy . eos
bos makes popping sound with mouth . i am sensitive i am vulnerable . sensitive and vulnerable . eos
bos as of late i have been feeling pretty well cannot complain . eos
bos very clear-minded thoughts . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos and we had a good time and i was real happy that day and the day after . eos
bos and that was the date had a great time . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i will just hang out with my brother or . sundays i ref soccer . just really laid back and chill . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos no . eos
bos deep breath ten or twenty years ago what advice would i give myself i would say . never give up study hard . save money . eos
bos maybe wish i was a little more outgoing . a little more enthusiastic . eos
bos in social settings . eos
bos the th whatever people have to say about me really does not change . how i feel about myself . eos
bos he would say that very warm . i am a very caring loving . genuine . friend . eos
bos my father . eos
bos responsible . and he is a gentleman has a great sense of style and he is a great cook . eos
bos most proud of . scrubbedentry . was a series regular on the wire couple years ago in the last season . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos doing alright . eos
bos from passaic new jersey . eos
bos yes . eos
bos about five years ago . eos
bos try to go back every year . eos
bos there is a lot more people . eos
bos change of scenery . eos
bos i am still trying to get used to it . eos
bos the people . eos
bos just . employment how it is doing right now it is just no work . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i do not really have much of an education . eos
bos i have not figured it out yet . eos
bos no not really sigh . eos
bos i have gotten to be more shy now . eos
bos just a lot more reserved now i am not sure i just . i just build walls i guess i do not know haha . eos
bos count to ten haha . eos
bos i am alright . it is alright . eos
bos i am arguing all the time haha . eos
bos just . doing the dishes and just hmm . having to do different things i do not wanna do haha . eos
bos that . cannot really think of one right now . eos
bos hmm . something i wish i could erase my memory . hmm . nothing really comes to mind right now . i am drawing a blank haha . eos
bos i feel guilty about not . having money for the bills haha . not having a job haha . not doing nothing with my life haha . eos
bos yeah . haha . eos
bos i mean i am getting older . haha . not really . eos
bos what kind of car to buy ? eos
bos about two years ago . eos
bos had to do a lot of research ? eos
bos looking through cars and just seeing what i wanted to get and what was in my budget and . eos
bos that is alright . eos
bos aggravated . eos
bos angry . eos
bos i have been feeling alright . just been a little down . and . eos
bos yeah well my eating pattern like i am just i do not have any like appetite i am just . restless and moody . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos when i play with my dog ? eos
bos this morning . eos
bos whenever i get . super bored or i just need some time to . for myself i just play with the dog . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos trying to be as busy as possible haha . eos
bos oh i wish i had an education and . better job . just . time to do those things haha . eos
bos go to school and stay in school . go to school to learn haha . eos
bos i guess . i do not know . cool person i guess . eos
bos i like to joke and just have fun sigh . i like to have a good time . eos
bos things do not go my way just . that really makes me mad haha . eos
bos well if i got if i wanna do something . and i just cannot . do it . that pisses me off . eos
bos no matter what it is just haha it is a problem haha . eos
bos not that i do whatever i want but sigh . that hinders the . eos
bos positive my sister sigh . eos
bos yeah well my sister she is a good person . eos
bos proud to still be alive . eos
bos okay . eos
bos a small town outside of cinncinatti ohio . eos
bos three years ago . eos
bos once a year . eos
bos small . eos
bos came out here for work grad school . eos
bos yeah trying to . eos
bos not easy . eos
bos people suck . eos
bos prejudice . different . eos
bos weather . eos
bos the flashiness how ridiculously rich everybody is . selfishness in people . eos
bos music . eos
bos i guess that is kinda like the only thing i love . eos
bos singing at the metropolitan opera . eos
bos pretty hard haha . eos
bos shy . eos
bos just always have been . eos
bos not that haha . eos
bos take a walk . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos and i laid on my horn and he got pissed off and i got pissed off . eos
bos hmm not really people do not really do shit in la they just wanna . act mad but . they do not do anything so . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos i could . done more to prepare and work a lot harder for the last set of interviews i had in fall . eos
bos yeah you can always do more than that there is always something more you can do . eos
bos so . yeah . eos
bos hmm . my grad school audition at juilliard . eos
bos and you are in a room for them and . they will either . love what you do or hate what you do . eos
bos yeah it was pretty shitty . eos
bos deciding to not marry my fiancee and pursue my career instead . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos not bad . eos
bos fairly close i guess . eos
bos i cannot see . cannot see your shoes haha . a little bit . eos
bos being in a different place . eos
bos went to san diego . like month and a half ago it is true . eos
bos hmm . i do not know like the . finishing high school . eos
bos glad to be leaving . eos
bos not easy at all . eos
bos because i cannot sleep . eos
bos i do not know everything work . myself . the usual . eos
bos get where i wanna be and be who i wanna be so . eos
bos working harder . plowing through it . eos
bos i mean i never really sleep well so i do not really know . eos
bos no . eos
bos not formally . yeah . eos
bos it was about . high school-ish . eos
bos family made me . eos
bos hmm nothing to say really . eos
bos hmm . i do not know . eos
bos same shit now just feeling kind of useless . eos
bos no just not for me . never really has been . eos
bos because i started going to college did not have to . eos
bos i do not know just . have not really been going recently . eos
bos burdened . eos
bos i do not know i started learning how to surf it was pretty chill . eos
bos just like buddy was doing it so . gave it a shot . eos
bos ridiculous . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos just . not being as far along as i wanted to be . eos
bos do not think about going to law school ? get a head start studying music and eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i definitely . wanna be further along professionally . yeah . and sleep more . be able to turn my mind off more . eos
bos working training . eos
bos hmm . my dog . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i am doing pretty well . i have some stressful circumstances going on but . right now i am engaged . eos
bos i am from minnesota . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos thirty one years ago . eos
bos half my life . eos
bos frequently i have been back there quite a bit . but over the years not that often . eos
bos so it is . la is . is home it is nice to return here . eos
bos to be an actor . eos
bos was in another business for . twenty five years and . now clears throat finally i cannot put it off anymore . eos
bos it is any thing any of the other jobs i have done in the past . eos
bos oh a whole variety of things but mostly having to do with theater . eos
bos well to be a successful actor you know would be nice and . eos
bos outgoing . with elements of shyness . eos
bos talk radio . national public radio and . more . and not . crazy stuff the sensible . listening nice content interesting human interest . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos a comedian cuh comedian and so i like to listen to radio shows that have comedy . hmm . like . eos
bos i am pretty good i mean i am not perfect but i can get very upset . eos
bos oh probably with my wife about . my . clears throat methods of job hunting and like that . eos
bos mo's and . so . for me to . do things my way is not always easy . eos
bos a very famous person and i did not do it . eos
bos i am not sure i am i guess . i did not know if it would be appropriate to approach him . eos
bos hmm . i cannot think of . i cannot think of one . eos
bos well . clears throat . i have been married for it will be twenty four years in july . eos
bos graduate from high school this spring and she is just a gotten accepted at a college that she wants to go to with a very nice scholarship eos
bos hmm . eos
bos yeah well . haha my daughter's been very low maintainance for me perhaps more so for my wife but she is always been an excellent . child . eos
bos i do not know we are all we have all been kind of hands off and . my wife has been more hands on . eos
bos her peers have and . not wanting her to . not have the same . as her friends . eos
bos i am not a . a gifted money maker . and . so it is a struggle but we keep on keep up . eos
bos that . sort of . put me on a path to breaking patterns of behavior that . were kind of dictated by my upbringing . eos
bos start a business and be in business for yourself and to . you know not be dependent on . just one source of income . eos
bos oh . meeting one particular woman when i first got out here . eos
bos she left me less than healthy . physically . eos
bos and . yeah . eos
bos about half the nights i wake up . much earlier than i would like to . eos
bos oh usually just mostly to have to go to the bathroom . eos
bos normally if i need seven hours if i only get five or six then i am you know sluggish and . eos
bos very anxious . eos
bos well i have . big . i have bills to pay and not a lot of income coming in . eos
bos i feel like i am . worried about losing ground and the stakes are high and . so . it is an uncomfortable position . eos
bos no . eos
bos the hmm therapist i am seeing now is not trying to prescribe drugs . or medications and . previous ones have . eos
bos probably . six years ago . eos
bos and . it is . not as it is just . good g . enjoyed having someone to talk to . eos
bos not really . yeah . eos
bos just kind of a weariness with the struggle and . just i . displeasure with my life . eos
bos yes . eos
bos they are what . eos
bos i do not understand that word . eos
bos oh . well i . it is . something i look forward to because . i feel like i am . talking to someone who understands me . eos
bos i never . over . excited ex excited . with happiness . eos
bos hmm . well yesterday i made a dessert to celebrate my daughter's scholarship and . it was delicious and we really enjoyed that . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos hmm no . except meeting that one woman . eos
bos i guess i could have gotten it . rolling even more . so that it would not be so . dead today . eos
bos oh . getting out of town . going . going away when which is rarely possible but . yeah . eos
bos and now i am just . going for the big . the big apple . and . and i hope to be successful there too . eos
bos okay . you are welcome . eos
bos kind of down . eos
bos i do not have a boyfriend do not have . any . eos
bos florida . eos
bos yep . eos
bos try to find work . eos
bos about once a year . eos
bos hmm more boring . eos
bos not easy . eos
bos it is harder when you do not have enough much money to get your own place so i have to live with roommates . eos
bos the weather . the good guh scenery . eos
bos traffic and it is too expensive to have your own place by your own . eos
bos not as much as i want to . eos
bos seeing different places different cultures the building the food and stuff . eos
bos then texas then new mexico me . mexico xico then arizona then here in california so i got to see the country a little bit . eos
bos and people are always happy you know and fun funny . eos
bos i just went to high school . just did the basic stuff . eos
bos i do not know . my . my dream job . i do not know . an interior designer to the stars . eos
bos yep . eos
bos well because . if they have enough money to get their furniture and i get to keep their free furniture too . eos
bos outgoing . eos
bos i watch tv funny shows sh tv shows . eos
bos sometimes big bang theory . or sometimes like a funny movie on tv . eos
bos pretty good . eos
bos not wanna be around and it had that so i had to move out because he had his stuff in the living room yeah it does yeah eos
bos haha . eos
bos i do not know good question . probably . haha probably i do not know probably with an ex boyfriend we broke up and . eos
bos yeah it is that is in the past i am over him he was a jerk anyway . eos
bos hardest decision . sigh . leaving home . eos
bos well because i have a better life out here in california but i miss home . eos
bos yep . eos
bos sniff . eos
bos when my roommates do not have the tv on loud pretty good ? eos
bos sniff . tired . i am lazier during the day . eos
bos sniff . frustrated . eos
bos i am poor i do not wanna be . eos
bos sniff . no i am just more sad . eos
bos no . eos
bos sniff . oh wow . it is been a good while it is been like god over two years . eos
bos i did not have any money problems . i was doing fine . yeah . eos
bos oh . i . i was with my cats at home here in california and they are playing outside . eos
bos my ideal weekend would be nice at the beach eating . at a nice restaurant . sniff . eos
bos no . no . eos
bos do not spend so much money ? you will need it in the future eos
bos yeah . save money . eos
bos my bank account . eos
bos as a nice person . eos
bos in what haha . eos
bos sniff . i am a person i do not know . i persevere . eos
bos i would rather not . eos
bos man a few years ago . it was more like a mentor and . taught me some things . eos
bos never complain . sniff be thankful everything you have . eos
bos my eyes people say i have pretty eyes . like to dress up . eos
bos sniff . for fun . i like to try surfing go shopping maybe go to art galleries . eos
bos bye haha . eos
bos i am doing well . eos
bos california . eos
bos i like the weather i like the people . eos
bos i do not like the traffic that is primarily it . eos
bos sociology . eos
bos yep . it is a topic that just really interested me the most out of all the other subjects . eos
bos no . eos
bos to be a writer . eos
bos i like being able to write what i want to write right now i write things that i am not really that interested in . eos
bos like articles about . teenager culture . stuff like that . eos
bos i think they have it pretty easy they do not know how easy they have it haha . eos
bos no not really . eos
bos am around when i first meet people i can be shy but if it is someone i have known for a while i can be outgoing . eos
bos i will lay down or try some sort like deep breathing . or just maybe do something that is kinda fun and mind numbing like watch tv . eos
bos i am not like a i do not have a fiery temper or anything like that i am pretty rational . eos
bos i actually cannot remember when the last time i argued with someone was because it is been so long . eos
bos i guess i feel guilty about the fact that i do not talk to my grandparents as much as i should . eos
bos i am close with my grandparents but not really anyone else in my family . eos
bos because they basically sort of raised me and my parents . were not . really in the picture that much . eos
bos sigh . i cannot really think of one . right now . eos
bos i guess when my sister died it was really traumatizing . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos yeah . yes . eos
bos i guess the hardest decision i have ever had to make is deciding whether or not to divorce my husband . eos
bos because we were not getting along and there was no reason to stay married but i still felt like i should stick it out . eos
bos i mean it was hard at the time but . i made the right decision i think . eos
bos my grandmother was a positive influence from a young age . eos
bos she is just a very strong powerful . sort of staunch character . and that rubbed off on me . eos
bos not really super easy . i sort of i mean it is my probably my fault i go to bed too late . eos
bos just sort of foggy and distracted . i have trouble concentrating . eos
bos you mean like my body . eos
bos normal . fine . no complaints . eos
bos no . it is been the same as ever . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos last night i was just hanging out with my friends and was just having like a really good time sharing stories and laughing and stuff . eos
bos probably funny and easy to get along with but also caring . eos
bos i spend my ideal weekend not really doing much like maybe just sitting around and reading or going to the movies watching tv . eos
bos there is not i do not do i do not think i think regretting r regretting things is a waste of time . eos
bos do not try to ? do not go out of your way to try and impress people if they like you then they like you eos
bos sometimes . sometimes i can be kinda lazy . i would like to have more of a like sort of . better work ethic i guess . eos
bos just sort of putting off stuff until you know right when it is due or after it is due things like that procrastinating . eos
bos sigh . sometimes for the things that i write people will write negative things about me like in the comment section on a website . eos
bos and that'll make me feel bad . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i am articulate . and funny and a good friend . eos
bos myself . and my friends and my status in the world . i am proud of the fact that i feel comfortable with it . eos
bos just hanging out with my friends . sort of people watching . watching a movie that is good . listening to music . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i am good . eos
bos i am originally from los angeles california . eos
bos i like the weather i like numerous things . the women . stuff like that . eos
bos traffic is ridiculous it like it is out of control like . the way people drive here . eos
bos business economics . eos
bos i just wanted to be a business owner like i wanted to work for myself . so that is the reason why i did that . eos
bos yes i am currently . eos
bos tisk to be a ceo of a company . eos
bos it should not be that hard but it is gonna be challenging challen it is challenging . do not get me wrong . eos
bos i mean sometimes it varies i can be shy at times but then i am mostly outgoing . eos
bos but when it comes to being around a lot of people like sometimes i do get a little shy and reserved . eos
bos i work out . hang out with my friends . eos
bos that is what i do . eos
bos i am pretty good at it i do not really let things get to me . eos
bos it was not something that was serious it is just . some things i had to clarify with someone . eos
bos why she was trying to . get back with her ex like that does not make any sense to me . eos
bos fought a lot we i wish we could have worked that out . without fighting each other . eos
bos and i get along with my sister so it is pretty . cool ! eos
bos i am pretty i am very close to my family . eos
bos i would have to say some friends that i have met recently i met some people through my church . eos
bos scrubbedentry . he is like a mentor to me . eos
bos i do not know i do not think i have anything like that in my memory . eos
bos that i would that i wanna erase . eos
bos as far as like . my career path i would say what career i am gonna am i gonna be in and stuff like that . eos
bos it went okay and i could have done better . and basically . ended up . not really living li living up to my potential . eos
bos i do not know i mean . i really do not know . eos
bos it is pretty easy it is not a problem haha i could just knock out when i go home at night time . eos
bos tired . just mainly tired . eos
bos i would say . eos
bos i have been okay o i have been fine lately . i have . eos
bos no . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos when i got the car that i have right now . i have a nice car right now and it is pretty fast . eos
bos i would say . he would describe me as somebody that is not a quitter . somebody that perseveres . eos
bos no . eos
bos go for whatever i want like whatever wh whatever i want out of life just go for it . do not hesitate . eos
bos i would have to say currently my weight like i . i have put on some pounds and i am working on losing those pounds . eos
bos maybe when i was little in school probably . eos
bos pretty much i got bullied . so that is pretty much what happened . eos
bos i am intelligent i am . a hard worker . i am a good person . eos
bos and . we just hang out with each other and talk about stuff . that is going on in our lives and stuff like that . eos
bos i am doing fine . eos
bos california here in los angeles . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i love being near the beach i love the beach . i love living in a big city . eos
bos and i love the fact that i have lots of friends and family here . eos
bos hmm traffic . just so many sometimes too many people . but apart from that i am generally happy here . eos
bos photography and language studies . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos and with languages i come from a mixed background so i wanted to learn the languages of my ethnic background . eos
bos it is it was not hard it was a passion so i enjoyed it . eos
bos i am not no . eos
bos to do photography full time and also to do some of the things that i am passionate about more creatively more creative things . eos
bos i have an idea i would like to do some s make some robe r ah like a robe line women's robes and things like that . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i have traveled quite a bit and i enjoy en i love travel . eos
bos seeing different cultures different countries . meeting new people all of that . eos
bos over a year i taught english there and sniffle i moved around to different parts of greece and really had a great time . eos
bos i think one of my most memorable experiences was going to elafonisos in a car with everybody and having a just a fantastic time . eos
bos yes it was . eos
bos i think i am shy to begin with and as i get to know people then i am much more outgoing . eos
bos photography and language studies . eos
bos rest in bed . watching a movie in bed that is probably one of the things that i like to do to relax . eos
bos i think very good haha . eos
bos deep breath . it was probably with my boyfriend . regarding money issues . eos
bos i need to i feel guilty about not generating as much income as i need to right now . eos
bos i am having some struggles in my career right now . and financially it is becoming very difficult . eos
bos yeah it has been it is been difficult but i have been working very hard to remedy that sigh . eos
bos this focus study i am doing many things to generate more money working harder but looking for other ways to generate money outside of my career . eos
bos probably being raped . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos sometimes . eos
bos not that i am aware of . eos
bos deep breath i been feeling stressed sigh . i been feeling . deep breath been feeling stressed and worried . eos
bos i do not seem to have any problem with it haha i seem to get a good night's sleep almost every night . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos grumpy and lethargic and in the morning . eos
bos hmm a situation i wish i would handle differently . i really cannot think of one right now . eos
bos haha the hardest decision that i have ever had to make . it was probably deciding to not have a child . eos
bos the father who i was involved with did not want the child so i made that very difficult decision . eos
bos hmm . deep breath really happy sigh . i know when i went to cancun on a holiday over the new year period new year holiday . eos
bos i felt like i did not have a care in the world temporarily . eh free . eos
bos deep breath . i wish i could . be a little bit stronger and more assertive . definitely more assertive . eos
bos i am honest i care about people . i am fun to be with so i think those are some of my best qualities . eos
bos it is still not the best situation i mean i still wish that could be remedied somehow . eos
bos scrubbedentry . so there is good and bad relationships in my family . eos
bos scrubbedentry . someone that is been there for me since i was very young . and has always been just incredible and i love her so much . eos
bos i would have told myself to work harder then and not have so much fun so i do not have to work so hard now . eos
bos i regret exactly that i regret not taking my career seriously earlier on . because now it is been . it is been much harder . eos
bos and making them happy . that was probably a great time one of the best times in the last few weeks . eos
bos scrubbedentry . and . and they are great kids . eos
bos but i but it is not as difficult as i think some other parents have it . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos and it was really difficult so i make sure not to do that . eos
bos the fact that i learned several languages . and the fact that i have been able to maintain . really long relationships with my friends . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos okay . eos
bos virginia . eos
bos i wanted to live somewhere different than virginia with a little bit more diversity . eos
bos once a year maybe . eos
bos it is . it is a lot slower and there is a lot less to do there . eos
bos a nicer warmer climate and somewhere where there is a lot more to do and . there is a lot more going on . eos
bos for me it was really easy because i wanted something someth it was very different and i wanted something different . eos
bos the beaches and the mountains and all the . hiking and all the free things to do . eos
bos bad drivers . eos
bos not as much as i would like to i . travel whenever i can but usually cannot afford to that much . eos
bos exploring new places my wife and i like to see . wildlife and hike and . monuments and just seeing different areas . eos
bos we went to hurst castle and to see the sea lions li the . the . elephant seals and things like that . eos
bos eh we did the tram and a nice hotel and jacuzzi and romantic dinner and it was a good time overall . eos
bos i guess somewhere in between . eos
bos english and film . eos
bos picked something i liked to do for the time being . eos
bos not been pressured so i had more time to figure out what i wanted to i might have done something different like physical therapy but . eos
bos no i have been teaching t teaching gymnastics which is something i used to do before . eos
bos i did not end up being as bad as i thought it would be so i went for it and it ended up being kinda fun . eos
bos dream is to have money and not have to work for it . eos
bos overall pretty good . eos
bos do not remember what about but it probably would have been ? few weeks ago with my wife eos
bos yelled i always wish i would not do that but sometimes when someone's not listening it drives me crazy . eos
bos you know if i just . saying something over and they are just clearly not listening it makes me really upset . eos
bos know what the hardest one is because eh if i decide to go with something it is you know it is usually for a good reason . eos
bos living there you know i am the one that moved away so it is like i abandoned them . eos
bos well i mean . i do not miss virginia but i do miss them so i guess a little hard . eos
bos no problems everyone gets along well . eos
bos hmm very close . eos
bos i mean anything anyth anything where someone gets hurt either physically or otherwise . eos
bos it depends on how much exercise i have . get a lot of exercise it is pretty easy if i do not it is not . eos
bos kind of like right now just a little bit . slow and out of it but . not really . too different otherwise . eos
bos in the hospital and we are gonna go back after this so not a lot of time to . sleep . eos
bos hmm . just . just slower sl just slower and . more tired and . little more out of it that is all . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos and hiking or exercising it is not hard for me . eos
bos i am not sure maybe . maybe . hmm like . eccentric but in a good way . hopefully . eos
bos no . eos
bos i do not know just your y just your normal . your normal kind of . older kinda wisdom sigh . eos
bos hmm not much to say really everyone realizes things when they get older that they wish they had when they were younger . eos
bos that is . the biggest thing right now . eos
bos i just like to get past it because it is . you know holding me back from doing a lot of things that is all . eos
bos used to be a lot more active or work out more and now i can only work out a little bit because it hurts too much . eos
bos at night you know we watch a movie or go dancing or . just something like that . eos
bos you know ended up doing something i regretted but i came out and i have always thought that was a good decision . eos
bos hmm . my parents my grandparents my wife most people in my life have been . eos
bos i am good but i caught a cold . eos
bos morning sniff . eos
bos la . snort born and raised . eos
bos it is home snort food people culture . traffic . eos
bos there is a lot of us sigh . too many of us probably . eos
bos oh . snort i have in the past i have not traveled lately . eos
bos the destination i do not enjoy the traveling anymore at all i did when i was young but no longer snort it is the destination point . eos
bos and i spent a week in madrid a week in barcelona and a week in majorca . sniff had a great time . eos
bos it was a an everyday thing people were friendly . finding out that some of the things about my grandmother and her family were interesting . eos
bos snort i studied poly sci and sociology . eos
bos sigh . well at the time it seemed like the easiest thing to do . eos
bos no . eos
bos sigh . well i had my dream job for a while i was doing sports research for native american tribes . snort but yeah . eos
bos mainly because of the . the sports bureaus that exist now that did not exist when i started . eos
bos i still when i do i still enjoy it . eos
bos sigh . snort . i will be what wh what i will be what suits me in any given situation . eos
bos listen to music . eos
bos i like oldies . jazz . hmm soft music . eos
bos i have learned to do it well i was not always that way but i have learned to do it well . eos
bos snort . by when by arguing i assume you mean words . with my youngest daughter it was about a year and a half ago . eos
bos extremely defensive and rather than deal with it she became angry with me snort . eos
bos i was mad . eos
bos three granddaughters . eleven fourteen eighteen so i have not won an argument in a long time . but i adore all six of 'em . eos
bos i am enjoying my grandchildren . when i was a parent yeah it is a difficult challenge . snort . eos
bos is ? getting to their level and understanding what they understand and do not understand and not putting your stuff in front of theirs eos
bos the hugs . eos
bos loving but my dad well you know he would raise his hand to you if he thought it would disappoint you snort i never did that . eos
bos snort . that is my that is kinda the basis of our relationship . eos
bos my mother . my kids my grandkids . eos
bos and then when my first daughter was born it was like wow snort that was it i fell madly in love with her . eos
bos changed my life . yeah well that is the way it happened . eos
bos and i do not feel good goo . eos
bos oh yeah you can always fix what you did in the end snort . i was just in a real bad situation . eos
bos but that does not excuse the fact that i was not there the way i shold've been . at least not in my mind . eos
bos and our relationship changed and . i basically would not relent and we ended up getting divorved . eos
bos would have had children with her but i . i was not very flexible in the process . eos
bos what to be flexible ? eos
bos i do not know . sometimes i am not . eos
bos that would been pulling my . pulling my father out of off life support . eos
bos it took me a while to convince my other two brothers but that is what we did . eos
bos something i could erase from my memory . being locked up for a while . i would like to erase that from my memory snort . eos
bos where there is very little humanity . and . you even do some things that you are not proud of . eos
bos so it is difficult diffi it is . snort unless i am really tired then you know sneeze . eos
bos i am pretty much still the same . i do not change . eos
bos runned over in a crosswalk and he is on . he is on life support so i have not been feeling too good about that . eos
bos it was not like he was jaywalking or anything he literally was walking in the crosswalk and the guy never even hit the break so . eos
bos and he is on life support at this point . eos
bos hmm no not really only consistent thing about me is i am very inconsistent . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos but i have had moments where i felt i was depressed . okay i was talking when you were talking so i did not hear the question . eos
bos text with my daughters and granddaughters every day . even if . we are upset with one another . eos
bos oh i have a lot of regrets . eos
bos i was accepted i just did not i had other things i thought i wanted to do snort . eos
bos sigh i played with wanting to be a kicker for football on a football team . eos
bos pan out and as that did not pan out i sort of lost my zest for wanting to be a lawyer so i just did other things eos
bos i do not think it would make that much difference i probably would not listen to myself snort . eos
bos if i do not like you . i would very much like to change that . eos
bos it has in the past yeah snort . eos
bos when she left me with the children snort she you know that it was my fault . eos
bos and . but i probably believed it and not in its totality but in part snort . eos
bos casually . eos
bos sigh . we four hours on the golf course two hours at dinner . met his new wife had a good time . eos
bos a lot of memories came back . eos
bos i do not know if all kids are like that i think they rely too much on rely too much on technology but . eos
bos but if my grandkids are any sampling of it i think they are good i think they are pretty good . eos
bos snort sigh . raising my girls . basically by myself with the help of my mother . i think that is the most proud of . eos
bos or . okay nice chatting with you . eos
bos i am pretty good . eos
bos as far as my parents ethiopia . eos
bos yes . eos
bos the beaches the warm weather . the diverse environment . eos
bos traffic haha . eos
bos well i am currently in school i am studying african studies . eos
bos trying to learn about it and going back to africa and make an influence . eos
bos kind of in between i have my shy moments but then when i am around a group of people that i enjoy i am pretty outgoing . eos
bos to relax i normally write or i go to the beach and just sit there play my guitar . eos
bos get angry or anything like that . i tend to keep it in . or try to release it by writing . eos
bos i actually cannot remember the last time i argued with someone . eos
bos hmm all the people i have hurt in the past . eos
bos i have . like cheated on people . hurt their feelings intentionally . done things that i should not have done that i regret now . eos
bos much or tried to instigate so many things i probably should have just let it go with the flow and just see how it turned out . eos
bos hardest decision i have ever had to make was . man i really do not know actually . eos
bos having to see my dad go through surgery and see him suffer . eos
bos is a really live person and he would rather be running around and stuff like that but just seeing him stuck in bed was just terrible . eos
bos but aside from that we have a decent relationship when we do speak to each other it does get kinda awkward but it is okay . eos
bos and there is not enough being done about it and they are just getting lost . eos
bos depends on the night some nights it is pretty hard some nights i fall asleep like a baby . eos
bos that it is usually a good thing when i cannot sleep it is nothing really bad because i am having bad thoughts or anything like that . eos
bos then some nights some days where i am just you know just sitting there . just mellow thinking . not like my live self . eos
bos i do not know it is just always been like that always have those ups and those downs but they kind of balance each other out . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos the last time i felt really happy was . hmm . today . eos
bos feel pretty accomplished and . i feel like my day is just . a good day . eos
bos my best friend would describe me as odd haha . most people would describe me as odd . eos
bos i say a lot of odd things i do odd things i am interested in things that most people are not . eos
bos just like old literature . revolutionary stuff . stuff about changing the world . but . through underground means . eos
bos no i do not live a life of regret . eos
bos to never let fear stop you from doing anything . eos
bos reading just hanging out with some friends . driving around finding something to do just going on an adventure . eos
bos i do not wish i could change anything about myself i just wish i could build myself into the person that i am truly supposed to be . eos
bos the ways i have done them that were brutal . and it just made me feel bad once i reflected on it all . eos
bos my parents . eos
bos understand that they are wiser than me and they do know more than me . eos
bos not so much anymore i travel around la . try to find new sights to see but as far as i do not travel outside . eos
bos new cultures . new things that go against what is normal for us and for myself . eos
bos and i just sat there . and i just enjoyed all that the desert had to offer and it was just enjoyable . eos
bos in the middle of nowhere at a completely random time . it felt good . eos
bos i have always maintained my original mentality . eos
bos i am fine . eos
bos pacific grove california . eos
bos sigh the wholesale opportunities and all the stores and . anything i could ever ask for . eos
bos haha the traffic the mood of the people and the . the unhealthy pace . eos
bos let us see i did like culinary and then i did really good in art and music . in high school . eos
bos through my own will and desire to want to . get involved with the music . eos
bos no . eos
bos open up a health practice of some sort . eos
bos changing things in my life that had an impact on . myself and others for the benefit of health . eos
bos when i have the opportunity ? eos
bos sigh . buying things seeing the culture . relaxing not thinking about the city . eos
bos go to texas every year with my dad during the summer and i always wanted to stay there and live there when i went on vacation . eos
bos of these trips to texas where we would go and spend time in the desert and shoot guns and ride go karts and stuff like that . eos
bos haha it was . eos
bos let us see well . my dad and i are . are not really talking that much and my mom passed away about two months ago . eos
bos thanks . eos
bos definitely more shy i have always been that way . eos
bos sigh . eh just the personality that i have grown into but . learning how to adjust to the sensitivity and grow out of it . eos
bos oh tea and . you know eating i like to eat i mean that calms me down . eos
bos do not . get on something and i do not stop . eos
bos sometimes but i have learned to control it to that extent now . eos
bos haha yesterday . i was arguing about what sort s what kind of water we should be drinking . eos
bos well a difference of opinion and i felt as though my opinion was very valid . even though the other party's opinion was somewhat . misinformed . eos
bos makes me grow and i . try to work toward how i would have wanted to handle things every day . little by little . eos
bos sigh . cannot think of anyone right now . eos
bos sigh . i would say not . supporting my friends as much with their . career choices . sigh . eos
bos i would rather not get into it haha . eos
bos therapy experts . have been really inspirational in the past two months . eos
bos the sources of information that are very good and i think deserve respect based on . you know real research haha . eos
bos really easy i have almost got it down to a science ? eos
bos i am tired . eos
bos been feeling . better than i have in a long time . eos
bos my short life time of . you know toxic choices with food and . drugs or whatever it would be . eos
bos more control over my . decisions and my wants versus what i need . that sort of thing . eos
bos nope . eos
bos yes to some extent . eos
bos over five years ago . eos
bos sigh lack of motivation and . basically my symptoms were . paralleling that of depression . eos
bos of social situations . and . xxx the main four or five . eos
bos no . eos
bos the internet and nutrition experts and stuff like that . eos
bos yes . eos
bos therapy . will help in overall health and mental . health i believe . for everybody . eos
bos had a couple of my friends over and they really liked it a lot and i almost converted them haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos like my brain likes caffeine and sugar . whereas you know my body needs something other than that xxx . is an example . eos
bos it is very hard it is a daily process . eos
bos uneasy my uncertainty to the change of formula . eos
bos no . eos
bos to start eating . raw fruits and vegetables every day . eos
bos as calm and . sad maybe smart talented . eos
bos haha . i really enjoyed going to the wholesale food market in downtown los angeles . eos
bos so i really get in a lot of enjoyment teaching people . how to maybe better themselves especially food-wise and what they are eating . eos
bos eating and . watching a really good tv show . eos
bos i am insightful i can . i can adjust to people's . sigh . sigh i dunno i guess i will skip that question for now . eos
bos would say my overall situation with where i am at right now i could have never imagined that i would be in such a fortunate situation . eos
bos i am good i am a little tired but i am good . eos
bos michigan i am from michigan . eos
bos a long time ago . then i left . eos
bos once twice a year . eos
bos cold haha very cold . eos
bos because i wanted to pursue my acting career . eos
bos well . it was not a hard decision it was just it was the weather it was the opportunity . it was the options . eos
bos more options . eos
bos the driving has been a pain in the butt not so easy . eos
bos haha that are actually from home but . yeah i just i like that it is a little laid back . eos
bos that is about it . eos
bos sigh what else do not i like . huh . maybe that is all i do not like . eos
bos i wish la was . kinda midwest haha i wish it was not so far from home . eos
bos and we are close my grandmother recently passed so it is tisk an adjustment right now . but i am close to my family . eos
bos well i cannot see your shoes but i do travel often . i do travel yes . eos
bos people . eos
bos is no glass so you just shut and it looks like everything is abandoned like the buildings are abandoned so pretty cool sniff i like that . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i am borderline . sometimes i am shy sometimes i am outgoing it depends on who and what the situation is . eos
bos haha . music i turn on music i walk . through the neighborhoods you know . eos
bos i am pretty good at controlling my temper i am not a . hot head at all . eos
bos hmm . oh it was an ex roommate . and it was about my loyalty as a friend . eos
bos i was not . being a good friend that i should just let her live for free and . that was not going to happen . eos
bos even after she did not pay me . so that is a friend . i could have kicked her out i did not . eos
bos you know . could have . could have been a bad situation but there was an argument there . eos
bos a real one . eos
bos no my mind told me to get the money upfront . but i did not . so . eos
bos tisk maybe leaving home . leaving home when i was years ago when i was like eighteen . yeah . eos
bos i felt like i was abandoning my family . haha that is what i felt haha but they encouraged me to go on and live my life . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos dating . i would like to erase from my memory how he responded to me when i told him my grandmother was ill . eos
bos it is not that easy actually it is not that easy . eos
bos i would have to . because i have to . be exhausted . i have to be exhausted . eos
bos to be exhausted . no . it is not really hard you just do a lot of stuff all day long . eos
bos irritable . eos
bos been excited and anxious and on the other side i am like . hmm . what am i doing . eos
bos yeah it is just an anxiousness to wanna make some things happen . some goals . and . eos
bos and . just taking care of myself you know the way i think i should . take care of myself just the physical stuff . eos
bos eating right and everything . eos
bos yeah . i have . eos
bos and i am conscious of that i am like of all the things that is popping up in my head why am i thinking about that . eos
bos phase it out it pops back up i phase it out . yeah . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos when the roommate moved out ? i was really happy when she finally left eos
bos haha . probably reading . and maybe go out go dancing that would be ideal i can go dancing go salsa dancing . and yeah . eos
bos hmm . my ability to make a decision quicker . and to act on it . eos
bos really badly ? i do not know if i have a time that someone has ever made me feel really badly i do not feel bad about much eos
bos as courageous . eos
bos that would be it in a nutshell . haha . eos
bos in general . eos
bos relationship things i wish i had done some things . earlier in my life that i am doing now . eos
bos deciding to actually be in a relationship that is long term and yeah i wish i had done that earlier eos
bos beyond what i did . and . to be more discerning in my choices of individuals who i allow in my life . eos
bos being a part of the family that i am a part of . eos
bos haha . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos okay . eos
bos atlanta georgia . eos
bos in two thousand and six . eos
bos never . eos
bos i do not like it there haha . eos
bos oh it is completely boring and there is very little to do . la is preferable i think to most places . eos
bos and also have more opportunities in business and . all of the great things that it has to offer . eos
bos very haha very easy . eos
bos the city all the things that there are to do all the people there are to meet i just . i love everything about la . eos
bos no . eos
bos i would rather not talk about it . eos
bos i did not go to college . eos
bos i am still figuring that out . eos
bos i really do not want a job i want a purposeful way to create wealth not just something to make money in the long run . eos
bos it depends on the situation but in general i consider myself more shy although most people would consider me to be outgoing . eos
bos music classical music if i am especially ex especially stressed and . play with my dog . go for a walk . eos
bos i think i am really good at controlling my temper . for the most part . eos
bos before i came here haha . it was just about . financial stress . eos
bos there is probably a lot of examples i think i would rather move to another question . eos
bos yeah i would rather not talk about that either haha . eos
bos i would rather not talk about that . eos
bos not very easy at all . eos
bos i have a history of chronic insomnia and some health problems so . it is challenging . not to feel rested most of the time . eos
bos in the past week i have been feeling a lot better . eos
bos in the past week things have taken a more positive turn . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos it is probably been . i do not know exactly but let us see . maybe more than fifteen years ago . eos
bos i was feeling suicidal . eos
bos no . eos
bos because i found a better alternative . eos
bos depression it is never been anything . extremely severe and it was . one of the best things that ever happened . eos
bos everything is interrelated so . once i had my first conversation with him i knew it was the right step for me . eos
bos i felt . extremely hopefuly for the first time in a long time . eos
bos to handle an the instrument again . and see if i thought that was something i wanted to pursue . eos
bos it was awesome haha . eos
bos hmm . yeah i would rather not talk about that haha . eos
bos it is been challenging it takes time but . yeah i wish i could hear my own . internal voice better . eos
bos haha yeah i have regrets sure yeah . eos
bos value myself more so that i would make better . relationship decisions . eos
bos my fiancee is the most positive . person in my life . my ultimate supporter . eos
bos is a genius . in so many ways and . i am pretty lucky i think . eos
bos that despite some very stressful circumstances over long periods of time i have not . given up on . taking risks and . eos
bos i am doing really good . eos
bos i am from granada hills california it is the san fernando valley part of los angeles . eos
bos kind of food i love the beaches . all the activities you could go do theme parks . eos
bos aquariums stuff like that museums . eos
bos the smog . there is a lot of creepy guys haha . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i have pretty much traveled around la i have been cross country and back three times twice was when i was seventeen . eos
bos i like meeting new people and trying different foods and seeing how other people live . eos
bos like a navy army kind of town we had an apartment there it snowed a lot we sold antiques for a living eos
bos haha . eos
bos getting passes press passes for the sunset strip music festival through a friend . and getting to meet rockstars and hang out at like the private parties . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i am very outgoing i love people . eos
bos it just helps me feel good . eos
bos i am good at resolving reso resolving like consumer conflicts and stuff on the job . eos
bos they might not like it and they could attack you or something you know you never know it is la . eos
bos haha . eos
bos you know the rules the ten commandments and stuff in my head . eos
bos followed through on a court case instead of letting him like kind of bully me out because it was not up to code . eos
bos jump and trace something new and experience something new or stay in what i was doing . eos
bos like radio and television broadcasting and journalism . eos
bos you know writing wri writing for someone else . eos
bos she was like a channel four newscaster in the eighties and i love barbara walters . eos
bos i was a nerd no haha . eos
bos stuff but everyone's scattered across the country so i do not really talk to them on the phone we just communicate on facebook or like twitter . eos
bos oh i go right to sleep . when i get tired i just go to sleep . eos
bos really grinding in more than i was . eos
bos see that you could plan events and meet people and convince them why they should pay you to do their event than someone else . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos i would not say that i am just . eos
bos super like oh my god happy all the time but it is like an even . keel that i feel pretty good all the time . eos
bos talk to people and be comfortable and make friends and adapt . eos
bos i wanna make more money haha . eos
bos haha . eos
bos people would make fun of me and call me giraffe or . stuff like that . eos
bos haha . eos
bos haha . and that i am very friendly and if you need help . that i will help someone you know . eos
bos it was really fun and i wanna go again and . eos
bos i like the area . hmm . eos
bos i think i pursue it but i think maybe i could put a little more time a day into it . eos
bos i do not really know anything like . that i would wanna erase or not happen . eos
bos getting g you know getting things done i am not as big as i wanna be but i feel like i am on my way there . eos
bos like ten years ago i would have told myself to work more in the daytime instead of going out as much as i was . eos
bos my friend we call mojo . eos
bos you could do it you know he is just a really . good like motivation for me . eos
bos and i worked to get to that point . eos
bos great thanks . eos
bos doing good . eos
bos new york city . eos
bos basically sort of raised here so . been here a while and i am enjoying it . eos
bos a lot of energy and excitement . there is so many things to really like about la . eos
bos see a lot of congestion and pollution . eos
bos i try to but no i do not . eos
bos it is nice to be on the open road with . hmm potentially potelingly time to think about my own life . eos
bos shy . eos
bos sometimes i find it hard to express my own thoughts . eos
bos but i also enjoy walking or . lifting weights reading going to movies just to say a few things . eos
bos good . moderate good . in control . eos
bos about . having about how do i say this about taking them to a bus stop about . how making an arrangement . eos
bos feel guilty about . not taking better care of my pet . eos
bos future for the bird . only because now i sort of wish the bird . was closer to me . eos
bos i am more . reactive . so i wish i would like to see myself improve on that . eos
bos i think it is you know it is kind of . not the way that i would like to have handled it . eos
bos guess the hardest decision was about to . of . how to . proceed with . moving forward eh on . a . job opportunity . eos
bos my family and whether the financial gain and . knowledge . of that experience would over outweigh the benefit . eos
bos yes i am . eos
bos and . things could be better . sometimes it is sort of difficult pain . staking . relationship at times . eos
bos pain a little bit of spiritual . anxiety about my future if i continue to do that sort of thing . eos
bos cannot really say there is anything as of yet that i would really want to change or have anything to regret on that i can remember . eos
bos it is been pretty good . and . it is i would say it is okay . i am handling my sleep pretty well . eos
bos sometimes it is okay and would say if there is also times where i am unhappy so i try to get as much sleep as i need eos
bos yes . eos
bos i . believe i was nineteen . and . i am glad i did it . eos
bos yes . sort of but yes . eos
bos no . eos
bos in tune with . the country that i am living in and people . to be more noticeable more watchful of where i live . eos
bos on a really nice weekend and on a boat . or on a skiff a really small boat and . trying to fish in . eos
bos i felt free or alive happy . uninhibited . strong confident mature . eos
bos took some time to evaluate my . my thoughts and . my future and . just sort of took the necessary steps to move ahead . eos
bos it is sort of hard it is . eos
bos it was not easy . a lot of family help and community . and . so it took some adjusting but it was not easy . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos you know . this week . partially today . happy's . happy sort of often not too happy but . content . happy . eos
bos happy . i do not know not usually too happy . try to stay . on the center line . eos
bos enjoy the day hook up with some friends and doing a little bit of socializing and maybe get some form of view some form of artistic expression eos
bos maybe something in the local community . maybe street art . and . or perhaps something with music or . something of that nature . eos
bos and something else . that i . had the same ability for a knack for . for meeting more people i suppose . eos
bos as best friends describe me i do not know . nice friendly . trustworthy sociable . eos
bos the same advice i would give myself haha today . eos
bos and that was yesterday . and i am glad i did that it was a good time for everybody . eos
bos i am proud i went into the military and . i am glad i did that it was a good experience . eos
bos okay . not . too bad . eos
bos i am from chicago . south side . eos
bos back in nineteen seventy eight . when i was eighteen . eos
bos yes y . eos
bos lately . not much maybe once every two or three years . eos
bos it is totally different you know . horrible weather and . yeah it is just a whole different atmosphere . eos
bos i graduated from high school . and i had a friend out here so i just thought well let me try la . eos
bos very easy actually yeah i loved it from the moment i got off the airplane . yeah . eos
bos so i love the weather . i do not know just kind of a more laid back atmosphere . variety . of people . eos
bos my home base you know . my . friends . that are family . so it is kinda like my family is here now . eos
bos hmm . i guess the smog earthquakes . traffic . just basic things like that really . eos
bos i do not currently but i did throughout my life i traveled . quite a lot . eos
bos just seeing . seeing . other cultures and . seeing more history and . meeting people and . just fun and the fun of it as well . eos
bos england . ireland and scotland and france all in . you know . one trip . so that was a nice variety . eos
bos i guess you could say probably skiing . in val d'isere france . that was fun . i am glad i got to do that . eos
bos environment and i guess you could say i am not really shy in . in my hometown of culver city . eos
bos watch tv . sometimes on the couch in the living room . just you know stay at home and . kinda vegetate . eos
bos pretty good yeah my temper's pretty level . eos
bos hmm . probably with my . husband . and . i cannot remember at the moment what it was about . eos
bos well when you say my family do you mean . my family from childhood or my current family . eos
bos you know . going they are going through a lot of hormones and . they can be kinda bitchy haha and . eos
bos we need to get a divorce but we are still together . due to financial reasons . and yeah . eos
bos our we do not expect anything out of each other so we do not argue as much so that is good . eos
bos our marriage . i wish i had noticed early on that . you know it was like way off from what i thought it was . eos
bos sigh let us see oh my god . hardest decision . i guess leaving my first husband that was pretty hard . eos
bos haha but . it was . hard . to leave him . eos
bos and yet . i still have this . vivid . bad memory . of what her . her mom did to . to me . eos
bos that was about what . ten . about eight years ago . anyway . sigh i tried to . eos
bos which i have been able to sniff . in recent years . but obviously it still comes up . eos
bos anyway that was that . eos
bos or i finally get back to sleep and then it is almost time to get up you know that . that difficult thing . eos
bos it is hard for me to just go to sleep when i am supposed to . i guess . eos
bos huge commitments yeah i might just like i said earlier just take a nap or something . read my book watch tv watch whatever . eos
bos lately how have i been feeling . kind of down . on myself down on life . eos
bos so . now i forget what the original question was but haha . that is the state . part of the state of my life . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos hmm tisk . well . the first time or recently . eos
bos yeah so the most recent time i was diagnosed . and put on meds . that was probably about . two years ago . eos
bos no . eos
bos money i do not have insurance . otherwise yeah i would be happy to . go to therapy haha . anything that might help . eos
bos boy . last time i felt really happy . i do not know i guess maybe . when my children were born . that is . eos
bos all i can remember of that i do not i guess i do not remember the good times too well haha i remember the bad times . eos
bos we created vision boards . and talked and . had dinner . at one of their house that was fun . eos
bos yeah . we get to . eos
bos yeah that would have been . my biggest piece of advice to myself . eos
bos i guess that is the . biggest thing i can . think of to be proud of . is having my two daughters . eos
bos you know i do not think that animals should be tortured . and live a tortuous life . just so we can eat 'em . eos
bos so . what was the question . do you remember the question . eos
bos okay . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos i am doing good . eos
bos i am originally from southern california . eos
bos i like the downtown theater district i like the beaches i like the variety of stuff that you can do in one day . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos i do not think there is really too much i do not like about la i really do like la though . eos
bos haha . no i have not really traveled in about five years . eos
bos oh i just have not been able to travel . i just have not traveled haha . eos
bos deep breath i like going to new places and seeing things i have not seen before and if i can like visiting . places like landmarks . eos
bos and i got to get on a the street car so that was cool . eos
bos xxx . eos
bos well i still study i am studying psychology . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos and it . i thought it did not have a lot of math but it had . enough math haha so . eos
bos deep breath hmm sigh well now that i am almost done . i do not know if i am gonna continue in that area . eos
bos well what i wanted initially was to sigh get into sports psychology but i am not . quite sure that is what i want either . eos
bos well . i could be shy initially but once you get to know me i am outgoing . eos
bos haha . haha . sigh i think i either go to sleep eat something really good or watch something on netflix . eos
bos well just a good movie i like foreign movies a lot so a lotta . right now i am into martial arts movie with subtitles so . eos
bos i think i am pretty good . eos
bos in my face but i do not know why and it got solved pretty quickly so i do not know if it was really that important . eos
bos wait i walked out without say oh okay . eos
bos hmm . i cannot think of one right now . eos
bos sigh . i think . the hardest decision i probably had to make . was moving . from well back to california from oregon . eos
bos nineteen twenty-ish and i was really by myself so that was pretty hard because obviously i had to support myself . eos
bos because it was really boring in oregon so i really like the activity here in la . eos
bos you know i do not really feel guilty about many things . eos
bos that is about it but i am pretty much the only one out here my brother is also up there as well . yeah . eos
bos like oh actually my uncle he is a really good positive influence he knows quite a bit has lots of good advice . eos
bos hmm about bout life . eos
bos where it bothers me so much i have to not think about it . eos
bos yeah if i wanna go to sleep i sleep really well though as long as i have enough you know hours . eos
bos really happy and good ? eos
bos haha . eos
bos nope . eos
bos no . eos
bos deep breath . i am always happy haha gosh yesterday . eos
bos i am on spring break i am really happy right now so . eos
bos but the last activity . that i had a lot of fun doing was ice skating in december downtown dow in downtown la . eos
bos no i do not really have too many regrets i mean whatever happens and you know it was meant to play out that way . eos
bos even though they seem really big it really they really are insignificant and . you will not think about it six months from now . eos
bos and i am just a cool person . eos
bos i wish that sigh i would exercise more . and i wish that is . yeah i think that is it right there . eos
bos hmm . sigh . i do not think i wanna talk about that . eos
bos know i guess just taking care of myself supporting myself not having to go back home i guess that is about the best accomplishment there is . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos but i am actually kinda tired as well and i have other stuff going on but other than that i am good today . eos
bos i am originally from bakersfield . california . eos
bos really ? eos
bos and i have been move i moved back here . in oh seven and i have been living here . ever since . eos
bos unfortunately . eos
bos like the actual city . i just miss some of the people that . i grew up with . eos
bos california like six times so . i would like to travel . once i . have enough money to do so . eos
bos with schooling and getting ready to try to get in the field and . become an optician so . eos
bos have to be like the small percent so we will see if not then . hopefully my optician career can take me somewhere . eos
bos to be an optician . eos
bos got my attention to be an optician so . i am now trying to be an optician . eos
bos better and feel comfortable with . glasses or contact lenses whatever they feel . more comfortable with . eos
bos cool ! eos
bos sometimes like i am kinda shy right now because . talking to you and you are in a computer and you are a cartoon . eos
bos or animated or whatever haha . so . cool ! but no usually ninety eight percent . eos
bos playing poker is very stressful on top of that so i guess it is kind of like . catch twenty two or whatever but . eos
bos am looking forward to that i am gonna be busy but i will try to go out to the beach as much as i can haha . eos
bos people do stupid things all the time and i just like let it go especially like . on the freeway and stuff but . eos
bos we just bumped heads too much so . obviously she is my ex girlfriend probably for a reason so . eos
bos we just argued about . girlfriend boyfriend things . eos
bos not make that mistake or try not to make it as bad i guess so . eos
bos you know . eos
bos not choosing to be with someone that i loved and loved me . or whatever so . eos
bos cool ! eos
bos oh what was that . i beg your pardon . eos
bos nevad . i do not understand the first part of that question . eos
bos so . i guess both of them . eos
bos i actually the other day i broke a record i almost fell asleep standing up which would have been weird because i guess i would have . eos
bos fallen down or something i do not know i just caught myself . eos
bos i mean i was really tired but i do a lot of stuff so it is hard for i do not really get that much sleep . eos
bos as much as i would like l like but i could sleep when i am dead or whatever so . as they say . eos
bos tisk no . eos
bos no . eos
bos had worse things happen so yeah . i guess . eos
bos a lot helps but i do not get to sleep a lot so . i do not know . playing poker . playing basketball . eos
bos deals helps me deal with it and like . hanging out with my friends helps me sometimes . eos
bos yeah i really liked i was had fun and i was happy about going to san diego for the first time and i had a good time eos
bos so i guess everything's happening . now for a reason . so i am just gonna keep going . eos
bos have . i have not always a always been the best bestest best friend but i try you know my hardest . eos
bos so that is it like . eos
bos on if i did not want it need it or think i need it as much that i could get more stuff done in my life . eos
bos but . yeah so i am trying i am working on that . eos
bos over ten years ago but i you know hopefully . something like that could happen again soon or you know so . eos
bos perfect . eos
bos i am doing great . eos
bos i am originally from venezuela . eos
bos i was two years old . eos
bos yes i was . eos
bos been only once . eos
bos i do not have family there anymore my siblings live in florida nowadays . eos
bos overall i think the weather we are very lucky here . eos
bos traffic . eos
bos i have traveled some . eos
bos meeting new people and doing new learning about new cultures . i enjoy languages . traveling itself . eos
bos i have visit a few countries through europe and i had a real good time . eos
bos probably traveling through rail along europe and getting to know cities in that way . eos
bos totally outgoing . eos
bos i do meditation . eos
bos sense when i am not feeling at ease and i naturally . breathe and start my meditation process . eos
bos drinking your daily water you can naturally learn to meditate . eos
bos i think pretty good . eos
bos i typically do not argue . and i do not remember any instance of arguing with someone recently . eos
bos maybe being on the freeway and taking the wrong exit haha . eos
bos i would have probably paid attention to my probably gps or not being over confident . eos
bos hardest decision i ever had to make . i guess moving back from europe to la coming back home haha i miss my friends . eos
bos it was time to come back i had done my schooling and it was time to come back home see my parents and join my family . eos
bos i have a nephew he is six years old and he is the love of my life . love them all . eos
bos my teachers my parents and definitely my mentors . eos
bos well i do not think i have anything that bad that i want to erase from my memory . i cannot think of any sorry haha . eos
bos however sometimes i feel guilty when i eat a lot of cookies because that is not good for my health haha . eos
bos very easy i sleep like a baby once i hit the bed haha . eos
bos i have been feeling good . eos
bos no . eos
bos i was playing with a twenty five cents with quarters and i won like seventy five dollars in the machine so that was very cool haha . eos
bos outgoing always planning something exciting to do . very outspoken . eos
bos hmm not that i know of no . eos
bos oh . always do what you want to do life is short and always . keep on learning . eos
bos i want to lose two more pounds . eos
bos and i usually interact well with everyone i meet and i am very blessed to have everyone be nice to me . eos
bos and i am very supportive and i love to pretty much listen and listen sometimes that is all people need . eos
bos i went to school i have two degrees . business management degree and also i have a language degree . eos
bos innovating . so i believe that is where my interested in business came from hmm . eos
bos yes i am . eos
bos it is not real so i think one of the main things about having a job is enjoying those challenges . eos
bos and i am also very proud of my family . and my friends . and how they have . achieved and overcome their obstacles . eos
bos in order to conquer her dream to be in school so very proud of her . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos hmm . doing okay . eos
bos i am from la . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i like the weather i like the sports teams i like the entertainment . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos it is a little bit of kind of a ruttiness to it . but overall it is okay . eos
bos that is going back to the seventies so it is technology's changed a lot as you can tell haha in the last forty odd years haha . eos
bos that is why that is my that was my major yeah . eos
bos the analytic ana analytical ana analyticalanal i cannot say that word now haha the analyticalness of the . the problem . eos
bos hmm . no i kinda phased out i still use computers but i have not gotten i been have not been in programming for a long time . eos
bos i kinda got into another field so i never really pursued it . to the degree that i wanted to . eos
bos too tense of a situation i am kinda at the point in my life where i just want a nice . relaxing job . eos
bos yeah haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos haha . open up too much so i have to like back off you know . eos
bos but overall i would say i am kind of shy as a general demeanor . eos
bos problems i am having i kinda just you know focus . on being in the moment with my . acquaintances acqu friends and acquaintances . eos
bos temper is not really an issue i have i tend to be pretty mellow easy going . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos it is not really part of my repertoire . nothing comes to mind off top of my head . eos
bos so i would say mainly financial investment decisions . that i really regret . eos
bos wow ! hmm . that is a tough one . i cannot think of anything off the top of my head haha . eos
bos okay . eos
bos i have anybody i can really count on or really confide in . eos
bos or achy . so it is difficult . eos
bos taken responsibility for . but . i feel a bit of calmness as of late . eos
bos no . eos
bos i am not positive if i was technically diagnosed with it i did take a i think it is called mmph . eos
bos up on that because . of philosophical differences . but i think i might have a you know . a mild case of depression . eos
bos so . you know overall i am not doing as good as i would like to . eos
bos i think i was pretty happy back then and that was about . about a month ago . eos
bos yeah . yeah it was . eos
bos i cannot really come with an answer to be honest haha . eos
bos i tend to be . pretty calm for the most part . eos
bos what do i regret ? well can you elaborate that haha eos
bos so i would say that is probably what i regret most of all . eos
bos well off for the rest of my life haha . eos
bos aggressive financial f financial decisions so that is pretty much . kinda it always goes back to that area as far as what i regret . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos but my main primary prima primary focus would be on . you know earning money on the weekends . eos
bos but as far as i stayed the course as far as . not going down any real deep haha alleys so to speak . eos
bos okay . eos
bos my pleasure . eos
bos i am fine today is my daughter's birthday . eos
bos california . eos
bos yes . eos
bos the beach . eos
bos i love the waters . eos
bos the gang violence . violence . eos
bos i lost a lot of friends growing up in . through elementary and high school . just losing them through gang violence . eos
bos yeah thank you . it was pretty tough out there haha . eos
bos have not been to any place out of california yet so not really ? eos
bos i am an optician i am a certified optician . and i also have my associate's degree . eos
bos actually my guidance counselor kind of helped me and i . i always thought like they were so cool because their white long lab coats . eos
bos to be a optometrist . eos
bos a family business but a to help the community as well . and something i could leave for my daughter . eos
bos very smart i taught her home i home schooled her for five years and . she is adorable she is my heart . eos
bos no . this is like the hardest job ever haha . eos
bos doing anything that you can do to provide pro to provide for them but it is a very hard job . eos
bos it is a very good feeling that is the best part of being a parent . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i feel that . i am very different from them because . no matter how hard the job is getting i do not give up . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos people lie so . and that is the most what i could think that is been positive for me . eos
bos one day i just broke out of my shell and . i have been . very accurate of . showing my personality off haha . eos
bos and just zone out everybody else that is there . and rub my toes in the sand . and that is so relaxing . eos
bos the negativity . eos
bos probably over like you know the dishes or like the small things but not . physical altercation like with another human being no . eos
bos before she passed away so . i think that is something that i still feel guilty for . eos
bos going through my mom passing away . eos
bos so . eos
bos really did not know what to do how to take it . and i mean like that was so scary . eos
bos it was the safest way of bringing my daughter into this world . eos
bos yes . eos
bos back to that stage where . i have to think about myself as well . and give myself time . eos
bos a little like this . but actually i am a little nicer today haha . just groggy . eos
bos yawning . lately i have been feeling very confident . about being positive about . going the extra mile of being a good parent . eos
bos yawning yeah i actually really do not care what other people think anymore . i used to let that bother me but i do not no more . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos today because . i was so happy that i brought brung . my daughter into this world today on her birthday . eos
bos getting to know people . eos
bos hmm not at the moment . eos
bos if i go . to watch who i associate with . eos
bos my weight haha . eos
bos i would say my grandma . eos
bos hmm . it is just . i would rather not . eos
bos my daughter . that is my pride and joy . eos
bos wow thank you . eos
bos pretty good . eos
bos new york . eos
bos i moved to la in the seventies . eos
bos but i yeah but i lived a lot of different places . eos
bos i travel a lot so i have lived in . i have lived in africa i have lived in spain switzerland hong kong too . eos
bos different cultures food music rituals . everything the smells the colors . makes you feel alive . eos
bos excuse me . eos
bos one of my trips . eos
bos seeing red orange fall sunsets and . riding along you know . seeing so many animals yeah . eos
bos twist haha on the same shoulder and they came over to me and they said why are you dressed masai . eos
bos around my waist and they said now you look proper masai haha so but i yeah i just i have a lot of i think living . eos
bos getting a chance to live in different countries around the world i have just you feel alive all your senses are completely you know awoken yeah . eos
bos and energy to even think about another choice because who cares if you remain unscathed but it when it yields no joy . eos
bos pardon . you said you put your fish . eos
bos what do i do when i am annoyed ? eos
bos in somebody else's shoes rather than the way you would react you have to have more empathy . eos
bos travel is really the best education there is . eos
bos something . god i am trying to remember haha . oh i think it was when somebody did not respect actually my privacy in something . eos
bos at least you should find out the other person what religion they are just to even be informed and to be able to talk to them . eos
bos you know help the bad part haha from a simplistic way in terms of a child . eos
bos never attended church and be more spiritual than somebody who has . eos
bos know his faith down my throat that after a while i was pretty patient with him but he it was so pompous that i became irritated . eos
bos especially when he kept telling me that it was audited and yet the same person needed a hip surgery . eos
bos but . tisk you know i just did not . you know care for the fact that he would not drop it haha . eos
bos but other than that i mean i do not . eos
bos sigh . sigh . sometimes to have a little more tact i guess when . when it is in terms of patience . eos
bos i can think of that right away i guess disconnecting my father when he was like a vegetable in the hospital . eos
bos that he was no longer like even if he was to awaken from that he his brain function would have been b been you know negligible . eos
bos yeah it was hmm . eos
bos block them because i have been able to . you know . accept sometimes so sometimes there were unfortunate things that happened . eos
bos go like this and through the jostling i coud just take a nap for fifteen minutes so i do not really have ha have that problem . eos
bos without the skin flare ups but you know from the photo sensitivity and all that but other than that i am in pretty good spirts huh . eos
bos have i ever studied s studied what ? eos
bos i could still could not hear you i am sorry . eos
bos have i ever studied changes ch changes in my behavior what was the word ? eos
bos no . eos
bos  eos
bos week just seeing friends that i enjoy being with and just having a great meal laughing just you know having a good time listening to music . eos
bos regret about my entire life you mean or are you talking about just recently or what are you talking about . eos
bos i think the when i least cared about money is when i made the most of it so . there you go . eos
bos years of my life when i was living in kenya . eos
bos you know the happiness in your life . eos
bos are easy ea when you where you remain unscathed usually do not yield joy that is just murphy's law that is just the way it is . eos
bos sure . eos
bos okay . eos
bos originally from texas . eos
bos oh few weeks ago . eos
bos well i have been living in . palm springs actually so la there is a lot more to do and weather's a lot better . eos
bos for work . eos
bos yes . eos
bos the weather the beach . a lot of activities things to do . eos
bos hmm traffic . and the rental is higher high a lot higher here . eos
bos at first it was a little difficult but then i adapted . eos
bos just in the united states . eos
bos new experiences learn a lot of things . eos
bos yeah one time i went yosemite . and up through san francisco . i really enjoy the beautiful scenery . eos
bos saw a lot of sights . hearst castle things like that . eos
bos computer science . eos
bos well i went to school back in the eighties and computers were . kind of a new up and coming thing so decided to do that . eos
bos little bit not too much . eos
bos probably . i think to have like a little magazine . eos
bos well i have started already started it is like a small local magazine that has coupons and . going to expand it to different parts of california . eos
bos probably shy . eos
bos hmm well let us see . not . i guess not as outgoing as many of my friends . eos
bos actually i go dancing i like dancing . it is relaxing to me . eos
bos i do latin dancing so i do it several times a week so last weekend i went . eos
bos very good . eos
bos i think i argued with someone a couple of weeks back it was about a religion religious issue . eos
bos felt okay . eos
bos hmm . see . cannot think of one right now haha . let us see . maybe when i was doing one of my real estate sales . eos
bos i was . sometimes the clients are pretty difficult . and i think i should have been like a little more . assertive with them . eos
bos hmm . probably moving to california . eos
bos well i was leaving my friends and family in texas . and just pretty much starting a new life out in california out here . eos
bos well it was pretty difficult but you know i got adjusted . eos
bos and . you know i . send her texts periodically but most of the time i really do not have much contact with family . eos
bos probably parents . both of them were very supportive . eos
bos hmm . probably when the parents were sick . and passed away . eos
bos no . eos
bos and it is . you know one parent did not remember who i was . so it was that part was pretty difficult . eos
bos well they passed away so it is just it is been about ten years so it is just . it is just memories now . eos
bos hmm not too easy . eos
bos it is just tossing and turning i think all night and probably thinking too much about things . eos
bos probably like the future things like the economy and . my work things like that . eos
bos tired . eos
bos tired haha . eos
bos hmm just not as positive . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos hmm . probably . few weeks ago i received a pretty good real estate commission so i was happy about that . eos
bos to some of the meet up groups or some of the i like going to whole foods and and trying some new places to go salsa dancing eos
bos no . eos
bos hmm . probably to be more outgoing . eos
bos hmm . probably be more successful in business and be a little more . outgoing . eos
bos so he has says a lot of comments to make himself build himself up and belittle whoever else is in the room . eos
bos look how much money i have made this year and you are the worst piece of shit agent there is . things like that . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos probably i have integrity and a good heart . hardworking . honest . eos
bos in a little town called temecula . i met a lot of new friends and . it dancing and meeting friends . new friends . eos
bos probably . it was about it . education i guess my education and able to move . move out here where i wanted to go . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i am doing okay . eos
bos i am from greenwich connecticut . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i moved here in two thousand eight so about five years ago . eos
bos i try to go back at least once a year sometimes i go more sometimes less . eos
bos overall i think i like where i am from better than la in general . eos
bos are just more my . type and what i am used to and . it is less superficial . eos
bos tisk i moved out here for college after i graduated high school and my mom and sister live in california . eos
bos how different it is and . what life is out here it became more difficult than originally . eos
bos fine arts and photography . eos
bos got awards and things like that and publishments . so i decided to pursue art . eos
bos yes i have a fine arts degree that i got last year and . scrubbedentry . eos
bos i feel like it is a more secure job and it is very interesting . eos
bos that is a interesting question . i guess just my childhood in general . growing up . eos
bos or in the east coast in general so we would always do large family parties and things for holidays and religious purposes and things like that . eos
bos more difficult now since everyone is spread out amongst different states and countries . eos
bos i consider myself more shy . eos
bos i . watch reality television i think it is kind of funny and lighthearted . eos
bos i watch like bravo tv like the real housewives shows and . just like funny things that you do not really need to pay attention to . eos
bos if i am more stressed out it definitely shows in my attitude it but i do not really have like anger . eos
bos insignificant things . but other than that . i had an argument with my dad a few days ago . eos
bos i do not care about having a relationship with her so if she does not wanna hear from me you know it is easier for me . eos
bos  eos
bos so i kind of just like lose it and i cannot really . hmm like not say anything . eos
bos that is probably one of the hardest decisions i made . eos
bos but . it was not . seeing her there was not something i would wanna . like have in my memory . eos
bos they kind of are good role models in terms of what you wanna have when you . are older . eos
bos figure out why i cannot stay asleep longer . eos
bos i cannot remember the last time i slept past eight thirty in the morning . eos
bos but it does not really i am so used to it now it does not really change my mood it is just part of everyday . eos
bos hmm . like so . just . no extreme highs no extreme lows it is kind of . one note land . eos
bos just reserved and . not very outgoing . eos
bos no . eos
bos no i have been diagnosed with anxiety . eos
bos because i thought it was more serious because i could not breathe but . they said that it was a physical manifestation of my anxiety . eos
bos is helpful . and good at what they are doing then yeah . eos
bos no i have not been to therapy since i was a kid . eos
bos it was not . i did not feel like i needed therapy at the time so i did not really get much out of it . eos
bos just enjoy the day . eos
bos in general . eos
bos you cannot i did not even realize you could not get a bachelor's degree from there when i went . eos
bos so it kind of create created more problems for me . eos
bos probably stay closer to home . and to have . really pursued other options rather than just be completely invested in moving to california . eos
bos i am very shy and . do not really . speak much . eos
bos recently my friend was visiting and we went to a clippers basketball game a few weeks ago and i really enjoyed that . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am very affectionate aff . i mean . i am not very affectionate i am more . i mean i guess so . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos burbank california . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos the weather of course i think everyone likes the weather . it is not too . city like chicago or new york . eos
bos it is big enough we have beaches we are not land locked woo . eos
bos sometimes the smog . the traffic . the fact that i have just been here like my entire life almost . eos
bos san francisco and i took a road trip across the country . that was cool i saw a couple states . eos
bos seeing new places . going to landmarks that i have only . read about or seen pictures of . eos
bos it was . the coolest thing i have ever seen probably haha . eos
bos happy . and then just happy it was beautiful it was nice . i have not felt like that in a long time . eos
bos i was studying film . eos
bos and . i applied to northwestern as a film student . and it just ended up being the right decision . eos
bos making people laugh and being in front of the camera . so . comedian a comedic comie haha comedic actor would be totally great but . eos
bos that is hard haha . eos
bos i am super outgoing . and i love talking to people a lot i like being the center of attention usually haha . eos
bos like . toddlers in tiaras and . duck dynasty just tv programs where i really do not have to pay attention at all . eos
bos able to . to keep my anger down and not like lash out at others and stuff . for the most part . eos
bos and i hate apologizing to people so the fights could last pretty long . eos
bos how we kind of messed it up and crossed some lines and . where how were gonna go back to the way it was before . eos
bos best friend and i miss him but we messed up and it is just it is not the same it is like not the same friendship haha eos
bos me too haha . eos
bos and then our friendship being really messed up . eos
bos i guess not spend as much time with him as i did . be more assertive . eos
bos decided to go to the mental hospital which was like the worst experience of my life ever . eos
bos so that was pretty scary and i just . it was really hard for me haha . eos
bos i was just in a really bad place . and when i finally was gonna kill myself i realized i needed help . eos
bos it was . eos
bos that bad path again . i just wanna get better . so i had to do it i had to get help . eos
bos i do i go once a week . eos
bos sadly she is back in chicago and i am in los angeles so i have to . eos
bos she is not . we are not . that great together but she is who i had right now . eos
bos it is better than nothing haha . eos
bos not that easy at all . eos
bos falling asleep is hard staying haha asleep is hard . have really . crazy vivid dreams . that wake me up and are disturbing . eos
bos and it is usually no you dreamed that . sometimes i have gotten so scared i like talk in my sleep and wake myself up . eos
bos probably haha like two nights ago . eos
bos and got to look . over those like big windows that you walk out on and see the city and that was really cool . eos
bos haha probably . super outgoing . likes to be the center of attention . funny and a little bit crazy . eos
bos i try not to regret things in my life . eos
bos and just do not be afraid to ask for help . when you need it do not wait until it gets really bad . eos
bos and watch more movies we watch a lot of movies i would like to do that haha in my free time . eos
bos go for a walk i do not know go to the beach haha . eos
bos and no one really knows about that but it just i feel really good about that . eos
bos i am good . eos
bos michigan . eos
bos two years ago . eos
bos every three months . eos
bos it is more homey and country than fast-paced and stuff . eos
bos the i work in the entertainment business so i had to be out here . eos
bos it was pretty easy because i lived in new york first and if you can survive new york you can survive la . eos
bos the weather of course beaches . the people are much ruder and mean than what i am used to but i like la . eos
bos graphic design media arts . eos
bos so while in high school i got a two year college degree doing it because i was good at it . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos yeah but now i wanna go into something else . eos
bos i am in school actually i take online classes now for business management . eos
bos and now we wanna eventually one day own our own homes and apartment complexes . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos meeting new people seeing different things that you have never seen before different languages everything just seeing what the world has to offer . eos
bos then hmm maui yeah . and we met the people in hawaii and they were so nice if i could live there i would . eos
bos everything was memorable but probably jet-skiing . in honolulu was very fun . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos outgoing . eos
bos haha . haha . music . music is much therapy for me . eos
bos music has always been like that thing no matter how i feel if i put music on it makes it much better . eos
bos blurt out or no i can control it pretty much . eos
bos well i live with my sisters so i argue every day haha but it was over clothes my sisters and clothes always clothes . eos
bos when we lived in a when we lived in michigan my family eh is in michigan . eos
bos so i feel bad because they have been so sticking to it and i cheated but that is pretty much haha it eos
bos haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos probably moving here . moving to la . eos
bos it was much it was different . eos
bos oh my goodness . my parents my brother . my dad my mom my sisters my family fam i have a great family so my family definitely . eos
bos kinda . yeah . eos
bos so i am on call for her whenever so i am never i never get a good night's sleep ever . eos
bos i know haha . eos
bos but i am very annoyed and very grouchy when i have not slept . eos
bos and i have crazy headaches but that is probably from not getting enough sleep and working too much . but yeah . very tired . eos
bos yeah . definitely . eos
bos but i just see that is how you have to be haha . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos sigh . last saturday . i did a weigh-in and i lost seven pounds i was like excited . so haha that was the last time . eos
bos so yeah i am the mom of my friends . eos
bos no not no i do not regret anything . eos
bos hmm . never take no for an answer . eos
bos just . i do not know be a little more . adventurous . little more adventurous . eos
bos i cannot . no i do not think i have one it i am sorry i do not think i haha have one . eos
bos that is an ideal ide . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos pretty proud of that . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos i am doing good how are you . eos
bos chicago . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos about twenty five years ago . eos
bos yeah it is been a while . eos
bos actually i have not been back haha i like la . eos
bos i like la . eos
bos hmm it is a big city so it is kinda similar but the weather is not the same so gotta love la for the weather . eos
bos tisk family i was a child . eos
bos it took a little adjustment but not hard . eos
bos off the bat but i sure would not wanna leave so my family is here so that is another reason why i would not wanna leave . eos
bos traffic haha . eos
bos not really but i have traveled tra traveled a little bit yeah . eos
bos seeing new places different people the way they live their lives . eos
bos tisk i went to monterey california earlier . last la or the middle of last year that was very nice . eos
bos it is a good question . i am not really sure . there is probably . eos
bos i cannot think of anything right off the bat which makes me think it is kinda weird but haha . eos
bos astronomy . eos
bos yeah it was . eos
bos tisk i do not know just kinda fell into it took a course liked it and then took some more and kinda just went down that path . eos
bos no . eos
bos there is not much job opportunities so . it is kinda limited . eos
bos yeah it does haha . eos
bos my dream job . i would like to own . a restaurant . a nice a bar restaurant . eos
bos worn out run down so . something nice something different something creative . something vibrant something for you know attracts a crowd . eos
bos but it is probably costly so i do not know if it is really plausible . haha . eos
bos i am definitely more shy . but i can be outgoing when i am comfortable with people but . initially i am pretty shy . eos
bos haha . eos
bos or maybe just watch a movie listening to music is good reading a book . kinda just takes your mind away . eos
bos relax . eos
bos learned that you should not . react immediately to situations you should . you know think before you speak that type of thing . eos
bos my ex girlfriend when we broke up about three months ago . haha . eos
bos i do not know that is what it is nothing special just a typical argument between two people who had grown separate . eos
bos frustrated . eos
bos you know . of your ideas or what you are thinking is more difficult than it is because everybody's kinda looking out for themselves . eos
bos tisk but yeah . eos
bos you know be more mature about it and not you know reveal your emotions so much or . that type of thing . eos
bos i kind of ruined our relationship and we are still friends and i wish i did not do that . eos
bos so not be so much of a burden to people around me . eos
bos tisk yeah real difficult haha . eos
bos it is a good relationship i mean we get along well . could be i mean it is not perfect but it is good . eos
bos tisk pretty easy i am a good sleeper . eos
bos it is kind of like you feel like you are being strange or something because you do not have as much energy and . eos
bos good . relatively well . spring time always makes everybody feel well . eos
bos no not at all . eos
bos never . eos
bos my friends we were having a good time so it is been probably like a month and a half or something when i was really happy . eos
bos stuck to my goals and i wish i had better drive to succeed i do not know i usually settle for less . so . eos
bos i do not know . i guess that is . the calm demeanor part of me that is good and bad haha . eos
bos really matter i kinda live in the moment and then you kinda realize that five ten years have gone by and you should have done something ? eos
bos i am just gonna stick to that . argument with my girlfriend haha three months ago she made me feel pretty bad haha . eos
bos but . that is a long time ago so it is not a big deal now haha . eos
bos stupid haha immature haha . eos
bos tisk my parents some of my close friends i have a good group of three or four friends . that've been positive influences . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos make himself better and . passionate i guess passionate in a good and bad way haha . haha . eos
bos well i care a lot and at the same time . sometimes it gets the best of me . eos
bos you are doing more than . they deserve and you are not it is not being reciprocated . so that is an example . eos
bos yeah probably but i cannot think of anything off the top of my head . eos
bos tisk . focus more on school . because while you are young you have the ability to . multitask . and . scrubbedentry . eos
bos i felt content after it . eos
bos i think i could do better i feel like i am an underachiever so not much i do not know . eos
bos not like to wrong people i do not like to lie because once you lie one lie leads to another so i do not like that . eos
bos but yeah that is . that is about it . eos
bos haha cool . eos
bos right on have a good day . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos los angeles haha . eos
bos i do not know haha . eos
bos it is kinda dirty but that is to be expected from a big city . eos
bos was a sociology class i am not n i am not really sure where i am going with school but i am thinking about sex education . eos
bos so i feel like it is a very important job for . the world haha . eos
bos i do not know haha . eos
bos no . eos
bos lack of funds . eos
bos of course with people who i know well . like they are closer to me i am more outgoing . eos
bos maybe watch a show on tv i like or read a book or something . eos
bos i would say i am pretty good at controlling my temper . eos
bos was my boyfriend . probably last week but i do not even remember what it was about haha . eos
bos to make better decisions in the future whereas guilt you just feel bad for no reason and it is useless haha . eos
bos but i mean i do not i am not sure haha . that is about it that i can think of right now haha . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos not entirely in your control but i am not going to feel i am not going to regret things that i had no power over so . eos
bos but . i wish that it did not happen to me was the time that i was raped . eos
bos haha i cannot really think of any hard decisions . hmm . i cannot think of any haha . eos
bos hmm . i am not sure haha i cannot think of any . eos
bos and i am very close with my sister we are basically best friends . eos
bos and she just did her best to raise me so . i think she was a big positive influence . eos
bos it is been easy lately . sometimes i have trouble sleeping but . lately i have had no problems . eos
bos be anywhere from like . groggy to like . really on edge . and like . extremely tired haha i do not know . eos
bos in the past . so . been feeling mostly pretty good . eos
bos like . neutral but i have been feeling . more positive lately . eos
bos i am actually not sure if i have been diagnosed with ptsd . eos
bos thought that i had ptsd but i am not sure if she . ever made a diagnosis . eos
bos i am not sure haha . eos
bos i am haha i do not know . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i mean . i think sometimes you can do that on your own but . talking to somebody helps i think . eos
bos hmm . i am not sure haha . eos
bos i am not sure haha . eos
bos i am not sure haha . eos
bos watch . movie or tv show that i like . just . kind of have like a relaxing time but . that is nice . eos
bos probably warn myself about one or two people that . turned out to be not worth my time haha . eos
bos and as much as i wanna help i guess empower people to make their lives better . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos i was born in mississippi . eos
bos when i was two and a half years old but actually it was not la it was santa monica ? eos
bos yes . eos
bos never . eos
bos i was only two and a half years old i do not remember anything . eos
bos oh i like the beach . i love all the restaurants . the music scene just the general excitement oh and the parks and all that . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos the traffic . the . the maintenance on the streets all the pot holes . the pollution . eos
bos and so . i studied the law and then i also studied . human . human services courses . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos mainly because i am a people person . and i enjoy helping people . eos
bos wow my dream job . hmm . hmm . my dream job . hmm . i do not really have one right now . eos
bos no i do not and i cannot even see your shoes . eos
bos also like to play tennis when i can i have not been able to play lately though because of physical problems . eos
bos but i am planning to get back into tennis it is one of the things i enjoy doing it really relaxes me . eos
bos i really do not have a temper over the years i have learned how to do how to control that . eos
bos probably would have been yesterday but there was no argument . and what was it about . nothing that i can recall haha . eos
bos something i feel guilty about . hmm . there is nothing right now that i feel guilty about . eos
bos hmm . oh a situation that i wish i had handled differently . i really cannot think of one right now . eos
bos put my son under the in foster care for a minute . that was the hardest decision that i had to make . eos
bos scrubbedentry . now he is in california too both are in california okay so . i feel very good about that yeah . eos
bos hmm . well of grown children yes . haha of grown children yes . no . eos
bos just it was a lot of good times too but yeah it was there were some difficult times . hmm . eos
bos so . think i lost track of the question haha . eos
bos the hardest thing about being a parent . at this point at this the at this point in my life there is nothing hard about it . eos
bos something that you created develop into a you know pretty decent human being you know a decent person . eos
bos that is the best thing . eos
bos were living life wrong because they were not going to church or reading the bible and that kind of thing . eos
bos what was the other part ? of the question eos
bos i will be up for days if i do not take medication . eos
bos man irritable . and tired haha . eos
bos the whole thing was kind of stressful . eos
bos yes hmm . eos
bos no not ptsd . eos
bos yes . eos
bos that was back in i think two thousand and four . eos
bos to the point where . it was either i had to do something or . or end something to tell you the truth yeah . eos
bos yes hmm . eos
bos you know your concerns out and you know discuss things that may be bothering you or good things too yeah i think therapy with medication . eos
bos more . hopeful . hmm . it is just been a good experience for me which is why i continue to go . eos
bos really happy ? eos
bos that makes me happy when things go right how about that . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos something i did recently that i really enjoyed . mean really enjoyed . recently . hmm . i cannot think of anything . eos
bos i do not have a best friend . eos
bos you know with anything whatever their problem is it gives me pleasure to do something for somebody else that is helping them out . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos anything i regret . eos
bos how so ? eos
bos i dropped out of college . so that was my biggest regret . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos stay in school no matter what . stay the course no matter what . eos
bos that i am a good person . i am a good human being . that is all . eos
bos okay . eos
bos i am good thank you . eos
bos i was born in mexico city . eos
bos yes . eos
bos about thirty four years ago . eos
bos yeah haha . eos
bos i try to go back once a year but i have not been in about three years . eos
bos i have not had the time and i have traveled to other places but i am planning on going back probably next year . eos
bos i like la more there is more opportunities and . i just feel at home here . eos
bos my family moved here i like i said s i was very young and my parents moved to california to work and then we just stayed here . eos
bos i love traveling i have not traveled as much as i would like to but i do love to travel . eos
bos feeling relaxed and having no worries because you are on vacation . i just love being . in other places . eos
bos and it went to saint thomas barbados saint lucia . saint martin . and it was amazing i would love to do that trip again . eos
bos the pyramids and i cannot even imagine how they were able to build such great structures . eos
bos i consider myself more shy . eos
bos kind of out of place at a party . eos
bos i actually studied history . eos
bos haha . eos
bos and i just wanted to learn about histories from other cultures and of course us history . so i am very into history . eos
bos i am actually working in the education field . eos
bos doing . so i would love to do that as a job . eos
bos deal with stress and . it actually relaxes me even though i am exercising . eos
bos trying to think about things first before saying them and . not having outbursts . things like that . eos
bos i do not feel like i am better than her but for some reason she accused me of that and we had an argument about it . eos
bos maybe asked her to call me later once we calmed down instead of just continuing the argument . eos
bos let out all her feelings and then try to speak to her calmly . instead of yelling at her too . eos
bos because then i went on to meet . my husband . eos
bos haha . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos so . it could have been a worse situation but i still think about it and wish that i could erase it from my mind . eos
bos it was . eos
bos my dad . still treats me like i am a little kid sometimes haha which annoys me . eos
bos but i think we have a pretty good solid relationship . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos so yeah it is kinda hard to get a good night's sleep . eos
bos but yeah it . i do not remember the last time i actually slept the whole night without waking up at least once . eos
bos makes me feel . bad because i like working out . but health wise i am good haha . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos we really enjoyed ourselves we went wine tasting and . went to the beach and just had a really good time . eos
bos so yeah that is how i think she would describe me . eos
bos and i wish i could . find a better job so i could do more traveling . eos
bos and i also regret spending seven years of my life with my ex boyfriend . eos
bos you know . and going to parties was not as important as i thought it was and that my education should always come first . eos
bos go to ucla and get my degree . yeah that would be my proudest achievement . eos
bos haha . eos
bos okay . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos chicago . eos
bos back and forth over the years and traveled a little bit . eos
bos have not been out there in over fifteen sixteen years ? eos
bos kinda got stuck out here haha then i had my baby and i just stayed . eos
bos different food . the people get along way how do i get it is kind of a culture shock . eos
bos out here they wanna go up there and give you a little bit of food for a whole lotta money so they just making money haha . eos
bos hmm parent had business out here . eos
bos not hard . i could get used to anywhere . eos
bos the views and the ocean . eos
bos just . a splitting of people that is it haha . eos
bos just a few places . eos
bos getting to see different people and learn how different people get along and interact with each other . eos
bos haha . haha . sigh . i remember a trip years ago where i went to mexico with my brother . eos
bos yeah . jumping into a lake haha pretty much off the side of a mountain haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos everything . haha . there is not a subject i do not like . eos
bos actually my dream job . working with computers and helping people . eos
bos that is . where wh where my heart is i like computers and i also like helping people . eos
bos haha . i meditate work out . i run i walk . i write read . eos
bos in the median . eos
bos hmm . i would say very good . eos
bos was . over someone actually spitting out a racial slur . towards my wife . eos
bos angry . upset hurt . disrespected . eos
bos when i went up there to treat the person actually i was treating 'em with dignity and respect and trying to help the person at first . eos
bos it is no problem people are people . eos
bos and i let something very small . and meaningless stop me in the pursuit of it . eos
bos haha . ignorance . haha for lack of a better word . eos
bos now that i think back on it i could have done a whole lot to avoid it but i was just young and foolish . eos
bos to start living again . eos
bos deep breath sigh . as much pain as i have seen in the world . eos
bos sometimes . i guess things are there for a reason . even though we may not understand it . eos
bos haha . i have no answer to that . eos
bos i do not understand . i know my daughter loves me but i do not know if she wants to be with me or not . eos
bos sharp inhale so you could say whatever through your mouth but it is what really is there . eos
bos haha . eos
bos what is a better word for it . haha . adjusting . eos
bos haha . eos
bos is . scolding your child because you know you are doing it out of love for 'em not xxx learn the wrong lessons . eos
bos haha seeing your baby smile in appreciation . eos
bos i try to guard my baby a lot more from things that she sees . eos
bos up i swore to myself that i will always take care of my child and i would not disappear or let her be around things like that eos
bos my old foster parents . eos
bos hmm . they basically showed me no matter where you come from . you can always strive to get better . eos
bos a good night's sleep . eh it comes . eos
bos haha . the same just tired and yawning haha . eos
bos to really just see what i am capable of and i know i am capable of a lot it is just i need to make that connection eos
bos no . eos
bos sigh . hmm not ptsd no . eos
bos i said yes but . i do not figure i am any more depressed or anything than any other person everyone has their different breaking points . eos
bos my daughter's birthday on the twenty sixth . eos
bos man this girl did about everything haha . eos
bos fun loyal caring . eos
bos sigh . something to change . i would like to be more accurate . eos
bos sigh . not getting to know who my mom was . eos
bos stop thinking about whatever else has happened and just do what you need to do . eos
bos i am positive i am goal-oriented . determined . i am very imaginative very creative . eos
bos hiking going with my daughter places . haha man . i will probably be skiing snowboarding and everything haha in a ideal weekend . eos
bos my daughter . eos
bos no problem . eos
bos i am okay . how are you haha . eos
bos originally i am from san francisco . eos
bos then i went to chicago . then to san francisco and then back to los angeles probably about five years ago . eos
bos a lotta moving haha . eos
bos never . eos
bos there just is not anything there for me anymore . eos
bos the weather is better in la . but the people in san francisco are nicer . eos
bos my husband prefers pref my ex-husband prefers it here that is why we moved . eos
bos i have an undergraduate degree in psychology and after that i went to law school . eos
bos when i was in college i worked at a law firm ? and decided that i really wanted to be a lawyer it was really interesting eos
bos no now i am a stay-at-home mom . eos
bos scrubbedentry . eos
bos difficult you have to manage a life to make sure that they . become . a good and successful person . eos
bos emotionally . to help him through things that he is having . a hard time with feeling like i do not have all the answers . eos
bos just seeing them grow and experience new things and . learn about life and the world it is just it is really cool . eos
bos he is the first priority in my life and they were not like that at all . eos
bos i have a sister and a brother that actually i do not know where they are i do not speak to them either . eos
bos probably more shy because i consider myself more reserved . eos
bos haha . haha . i like to listen to music . eos
bos i have i listen to all sorts of music but my favorite when i am relaxing is eighties music haha cheesy but true . eos
bos i can control my temper . if i am with . my ex-husband or other adults hmm yeah ye yeah i do not . so-so . eos
bos yesterday . and it was about my ex-husband dating the woman that he was cheating on when we were married . eos
bos i found out he was cheating on me and i kicked him out . and he told me yesterday that he is continuing to date her . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos really angry ? and just really hurt eos
bos i wish that i had . talked to my dad before he died i wish that i would settled our differences before he had died . eos
bos the hardest decision i have ever had to make was actually . ending my marriage . eos
bos because he was cheating on me . eos
bos who i am today . so i cannot really think of one event that i would want to erase . eos
bos i do not get a good night's sleep it is not easy i wake up a lot in the night . eos
bos i could try to do something about it but i just do not i do not know . eos
bos grumpy irritable . eos
bos grumpy irritable . down . mixed with anger sigh . eos
bos it is . just because of everything that i am going through with my . soon-to-be ex-husband . yeah there is . eos
bos i have to . deal with it . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos deep breath ten years ago after my son was born . eos
bos i could not cope with life . i was so down . i could not i felt like i could not do anything . eos
bos no . eos
bos i do not go to therapy i go to medication management . but i do not d i do not do talk therapy . eos
bos i have gone to therapists and no they do not help . eos
bos others give advice that i think is just . it just not good and not on point . eos
bos it was probably this morning i was playing with my son . eos
bos any of the other crap sigh . in my life i could just forget it so i was feeling really happy . eos
bos confident . outgoing . because that is what i try to be to people so i think that is how they would describe me . eos
bos i wish i was not sad i wish i was more confident . eos
bos yeah there are a lotta things . i think . eos
bos it would be . to not . not . give my life over to one particular person which is what i did with my husband . eos
bos hanging around the pool having fun going out to dinner . eos
bos one of my two of my friends two really good girlfriends i think have been really positive influences in my life . eos
bos is just really positive i mean she is always happy always up always looking to the bright side so that has helped me a lot . eos
bos my son . eos
bos and the boys were in another room watching movies and playing video games and it was just a relaxed fun evening . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos sure haha . eos
bos alright . eos
bos originally i am from korea . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos when i was a year old ? eos
bos yes . eos
bos almost never i have been to korea once . eos
bos i love the weather sigh and being by the ocean and the culture has a lotta things to do the food there is a lot to like . eos
bos the parking tickets are super high i sometimes i am really . annoyed by our government haha . eos
bos by your shoes . did you say by your shoes . eos
bos shoes are not showing i have traveled a bit i am sort of traveled i have not traveled in a little bit in a little while . eos
bos you know life is about a lotta different things that you do not think about every day . eos
bos but it was very interesting then we went to thailand and that was almost almo it was really completely different because it is like jungle . eos
bos had a massage on the beach for eight dollars haha . eos
bos it was interesting yeah . yeah it was an hour for eight dollars haha . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i had health problems . so here i am . i am just doing my general ed right now i am going to smc . eos
bos yeah . i am happy . eos
bos in a veterinary capacity . yeah . eos
bos how comfortable i am but i am really outgoing when i feel comfortable with people and i will be really reserved haha if i am not . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos a lotta times i can just lay there and . my mind might be doing things but i am kinda relaxing . eos
bos but i never just like fly off the handle or throw things or . even you know yell haha . eos
bos sigh . i cannot really say i have arguments i mean just like a disagreement or an actual argument . like if we just . eos
bos then one day she called me up and then we were friends again . eos
bos but like she never confronted me . eos
bos hardest decision sigh . it was leaving my ex-boyfriend . eos
bos disagreements all the time and then one day we had one and i just decided that i was gonna leave and . i did . eos
bos decision in my life and i can stay that definitively . and . but i think it was for the best . eos
bos they were all one religion haha i was surrounded by mormons and i do not have anything against mormons but it was very different because eh . eos
bos it just a pivotal point in my life and i think that . i really wish i had just stayed . eos
bos like really if i could erase something from my memory what would i want to erase . is that what you are saying . eos
bos has value in it so sigh i cannot really say that i would want something erased i mean maybe if i was like raped or something . eos
bos and it was really sigh horrifying then i would but i do not . eos
bos i never feel rested and that is . it is a medical problem of mine . eos
bos and rested but they are short-lived . but i sleep a lot i sleep . eos
bos pretty crappy haha physically pretty crappy . yeah . eos
bos well thanks haha . eos
bos no . sniffle . eos
bos figure out they have given me like depression drugs before but they have not helped with my sleep . eos
bos but i do . eos
bos a lotta times but it is not . i would say . it is reasonable considering . the situations that i am in . eos
bos but . i would not say it is triggered by anything in particular . eos
bos find some great new dish i like i mean . what type of happiness are you looking for . eos
bos i could never live with her long term and i am sure she could not live with me long term but i am having fun and . eos
bos looking up cupcakes so she had me pick up cupcakes on the way here to bring back to her as a groupon deal so i mean . eos
bos you know there is little fun things like that . eos
bos but . she has mentioned that i am a very private person and that i know i knew before she said that . eos
bos feel abnormal but maybe i just have a lotta thoughts that do not seem does not seem appropriate to share with people or i am not sure eos
bos that is it . eos
bos i really feel that . you know i am doing this and i am really proud that even through everything yeah i am getting a's . eos
bos thanks . eos
bos hmm k . eos
bos thanks . eos
bos i am doing well . eos
bos los angeles the greater los angeles area . eos
bos people . diversity . and . various entertainment and activities . eos
bos fickle weather . traffic . and litter . eos
bos i have traveled domestically not internationally . eos
bos seeing other places and how people live and the culture . eos
bos the last trip that i went to was san diego . eos
bos but . eos
bos from childhood or as an adult . eos
bos family vacations to baja and rosarito beach . eos
bos this weekend is easter and we usually will go . down to easter east easter spring break . to rosarito baja . eos
bos i have a bachelor's b bachelor's in communication studies . eos
bos because it is a open field . just does not deal with . communication interactively but performing arts . telecommunications . business entrepreneurship so . eos
bos no i am not i am actually unemployed . eos
bos i think to own my business that is my dream job to have my own company . eos
bos so my next venture would . would be to create all natural soy candles . something in that area . eos
bos a mixture . eos
bos and that is how i usually make a determination if i . remain reserved or remain open . eos
bos i listen to like a meditation tape or i take a walk . or go get a massage . eos
bos fair . eos
bos oh man haha probably yesterday or this morning . usually the argument is about . me making myself clear . or me repeating myself twice . eos
bos no it usually gets the other person in trouble . eos
bos so i wish i would have . taken the higher . road than taken the lower road . eos
bos i do not tend to feel guilty about too many things . eos
bos hardest decision . i do not know financially emotionally . eos
bos it is the hardest thing that i . i will not say the hardest thing but it was a difficult thing . eos
bos in hopes that . if something goes wrong with my current relationship . we will always have something to fall back on . eos
bos yeah it is hard . eos
bos that i just automatically erase from my memory but whatever comes to mind right . eos
bos probably the death of a relative . eos
bos alone and misinformed . eos
bos because i did not know that they were that sick . and i did not know that they were their days were numbered . eos
bos and i could have had more opportunity to . spend time with them and make . better a better connection in the last days . eos
bos it is fair to midland . eos
bos hmm . my immediate i am very close but distant not very close . eos
bos my mother . eos
bos out there looking for a better opportunity . and she encourages me to . not be afraid to . explore other ventures . eos
bos easy haha . eos
bos i have been feeling well . eos
bos yes a little stressed but i am trying to manage that . eos
bos i leave the stressful environment . eos
bos in the past . eos
bos about three years ago . eos
bos because i was having issues in my learning environment . and i feeling f i was feeling . emotionally attacked . eos
bos was just very . i do not know a very different personality . and . he almost ran me down the crosswalk at school . eos
bos but i had no choice but to stay in there . and deal with his meanness for the whole semester . eos
bos i think through finding ptsd they were trying to link depression . eos
bos no . eos
bos and then they laugh at me and then they tell me . the opposite of what is . what i am telling them . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos hmm . last time i felt really happy . i really do not know . that is a good question . eos
bos just did what i want i just relaxed . i just relaxed and . i you know i do not know haha . eos
bos i do not have any best friends . eos
bos i am a excellent friend . i am energetic . and i am a go getter . eos
bos probably be less sensitive . do not take things so personally . and . learn how to help myself before helping others . eos
bos no i do not have any regrets in my life . eos
bos i probably would have . focused and studied more . and less . being out of the house and . hanging with friends . eos
bos and i am self sufficient . and . i can pay my bills by myself haha . and . i am alive . eos
bos today is a wonderful day i am doing just absolutely marvelous . eos
bos i was born in cleveland ohio i was raised in tucson arizona and came to los angeles when i was sixteen years old . eos
bos yes . eos
bos hmm i have only been back once since i left . eos
bos so glad i grew up there because it was a great sense of community which i think we do not have here in los angeles sniffle . eos
bos my grandmother died and left property for my father . so we came here to manage her property . eos
bos so i was used to moving and going to new places . eos
bos meeting new people seeing new things it is an adventure and i like the adventurous life . eos
bos a wonderful experience to have the thing is worth now if i still had it i found out like a quarter of a million dollars so . eos
bos haha . eos
bos hmm . but that is one of the best xxx . eos
bos so a little bit of both . eos
bos i studied business administration ad administration with a emphasis in marketing and advertising . eos
bos and i was working for a tv station where i was going to school so that fit in line in marketing advertising so . eos
bos i shoot on the red carpet . i shoot a lot of special events and anything else people will pay me for haha . eos
bos it is not hard at all it is my passion i love it is like not working . eos
bos so it is a building process of relationships so i am still in that process of building relationships . eos
bos so that i can get more paid jobs but this is my dream job i love what i do . eos
bos calm my body . eos
bos temper in personality . eos
bos and that is what started the argument . eos
bos i felt bad that she had been hurt by what i had said so i had to have to guard my words and watch my thoughts . eos
bos sometimes i think we are up on each other too close . we need a little more space . eos
bos yeah when i say the wrong things haha it is . eos
bos no it is never easy to be a parent it is a work in progress . eos
bos making the right decisions about things sometimes . eos
bos that you were able to raise the highest creation on this planet . to be a . wonderful and productive human being . eos
bos you were to be seen and not heard when i was growing up and i let my kids' voice be heard . eos
bos one night i had a bad night that changed my life and i do not know wanna go into details i feel bad about that night haha . eos
bos yeah i could have stayed home haha . eos
bos maybe the handling of how i me and my husband divorced i think i could have handled that a little differently . eos
bos handled things a little better but what can you do the best that you can at that time if you knew better you would do better . eos
bos so i made the decision to stay and go to the hospital but that was a hard one sniffle . eos
bos the hospital in a . medical ambulance . that was a weird experience . eos
bos the universe was not finished with me yet . eos
bos hard for me to go to sleep other times i can lay down and just go but depends on what is going on in my head . eos
bos so i try to but you know if you are tired your body is still talking to you . so . eos
bos so you know i have to keep a good upbeat . energy going on for me to keep for me to be successful . eos
bos having like sleep apnea and not being able to sleep . from being hit so many times and knocked unconscious in the head . so . eos
bos i do not i am not working work yeah it sucks i am not working right now because i am still trying to get my disability . eos
bos because i am wondering what comes next and so i am just praying for guidance sniffle . eos
bos to be in the present moment and to be alive sniffle . eos
bos so just live li move forward . eos
bos you know keep a good personality and a energetic spirit and just keep pushing . eos
bos energetic talkative . will not take no for an answer follow through reliable . good spirited . giving loving . eos
bos soothing to my soul . that i am glad that i have a creative side and that i found it and have utilized it . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos huh . and that is that it bye . eos
bos i am okay i am feeling a little tired and . worried . eos
bos things are sigh things are a little . shaky for me . eos
bos i am staying with my son in venice . eos
bos it is pretty good but both of us need to have our own space so that is why i am looking for another place to live . eos
bos originally from new york but i have been in california since the early seventies so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos oregon and i was getting tired of the weather up there and my son was down here so it seemed like a good place to be . eos
bos it was not too hard i met people right away and . i just really like it here so it was easy to connect with people . eos
bos the weather is haha number one like for most people i love being near the ocean . i like the energy i like the artistic culture . eos
bos hmm . well everybody loves the traffic i mean loves the weather and hates the traffic so i kinda feel fee i feel the same way . eos
bos sometimes it . it gets a little wearing that it is so busy and the fact that it is so expensive makes it difficult . eos
bos no not as much as i would like if i had more funds fu more income more funds i would travel more . eos
bos and the whole trip we took about hmm i think we . took us about four weeks going down and back from the bay area . eos
bos yeah that was a fun trip . eos
bos well we would been working together on the census and she had made that trip a few times and invited me to come along with her . eos
bos decorate the graves so there were lots of flowers and it was just it was neat to be there and be with that family celebrating that . eos
bos but i was most interested in liberal arts and the humanities . eos
bos huh my dream job would be personal assisting somebody who . was in a creative field . and getting to travel and go to events with them . eos
bos volunteer . work with and i am working on building up some of my skills so that i can be doing more of that . eos
bos but i am overall kind of introverted so . i prefer one-on-one . than . big groups . eos
bos like remodel shows and see transformations or watch movies . or read . oh and i play some solitaire on my kindle fire . eos
bos they get really angry then that makes me angry in return . eos
bos you know i had said something that . she heard as a correction well it was a correction . and she got angry but . eos
bos well then i felt criticized and i felt vulnerable . eh i was not it was pretty uncomfortable . eos
bos that is i am trying to catch that and . just let people . make mistakes without haha without my telling them about it . eos
bos when i was moving once and . and that was difficult too because . eos
bos where i could not take her . and so i . i found somebody who could take her . eos
bos they had to do over again and i still feel bad about that . eos
bos in the early morning hours and have trouble going back to sleep but that is not very often . eos
bos i have been feeling kind of tired and low level depressed and like not feeling a lot of options . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes i have . eos
bos another time . oh so then when would that've been about sixteen years ago . eos
bos in the short term . so . eos
bos i am not going to therapy right now . eos
bos i was moving around a lot finances i was not really feeling the need i am starting to think it might be a . an option again . eos
bos i feel like therapy can be useful yes . eos
bos could also . offer impartial suggestions for helping me to . improve the way i was feeling . eos
bos just relaxing and i had my notebook and i was doing some writing and . i felt very happy and content . eos
bos i am kind and compassionate and i am a good listener . and i am intelligent and i have good ideas . eos
bos a lot of those ideas get started but then . i do not take them the distance . eos
bos that is probably the thing i would like to change about myself the most . eos
bos and be willing to . to work . a regular job and to . to start putting money . away for my . retirement . eos
bos and i am proud that . eh that . people eh people do eh admire me and value my opinion . eos
bos i am alright . eos
bos south la . eos
bos the weather . the women . the opportunities . eos
bos that is about it . eos
bos racism . police brutality . injustice . eos
bos that is it . eos
bos hmm no . eos
bos not much of a exploring type of person . eos
bos psychology . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos it was one of the classes i excelled in the most so i decided to change it from business to psychology . eos
bos yeah . yes . eos
bos no . eos
bos to own my own record label . eos
bos it is moderately hard but you know . take it one day at a time just . i guess you know . stay focused . eos
bos a little bit of both . eos
bos situations i am not comfortable with or i am new to . and i am outgoing in places i am more comfortable with . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos haha . turn the lights down low and listen to soft music . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i am getting better over the years . i think i am . pretty decent now compared to how i used to be . eos
bos yes madam . eos
bos due to the lack of i guess you could say controlling my emotions . i have gotten incarcerated sent to prison . yeah . eos
bos hmm . i am not sure . i do not really have a recollection of my hardest decision i have made in my life . eos
bos with the girl i was talking to and i was arguing about . her lack of communication . and attentiveness . yeah . eos
bos you know i guess i am just learning . eos
bos i probably would have never went to prison i probably would have been home a lot sooner . than i originally . happen yeah . eos
bos comfortable with so those are the feww things that . it would be nice if i could erase it completely . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos probably putting my mother through certain things that she did not have to go through . along with my close friends and family as well . eos
bos it is pretty decent . eos
bos hmm i would say my mother . yeah my mother . eos
bos could have been raised with so she is kinda of like a inspiration to me and other people as well so i would say my mother . eos
bos hmm . it is not easy . so yeah it is not easy . eos
bos but . it makes you drowsy the next morning so it is like . it is a negative effect really . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos the medication medi i do not know shit . i do not know but i just stopped taking it because i did not like feeling drowsy . eos
bos not good at all . eos
bos you know . sometimes feeling sorry for myself and just . things that i have been through and the whole nine yards so . yeah . eos
bos it is all good . eos
bos yeah so true . eos
bos yes . eos
bos sniffle about . two and a half three years ago . eos
bos how my brain works . you know so i decided to seek help maybe . to better my life yeah you could say that . eos
bos yes i am . eos
bos yes . eos
bos yes i do actually i do . eos
bos hmm . better decision making . better tools to reflect on choices . how to control . certain situations better yeah . eos
bos and by doing that . it has made me more mature . emotionally more mature . and just . has a positive outcome . eos
bos who cared about me and the feeling was mutual so that was probably the most . happy . eos
bos oh my goodness . spontaneous . outgoing . sometimes a little crazy . fun . that is about it . eos
bos nothing . eos
bos you know hurting . the few women that were in my life my past and . my friends and family that is about it . eos
bos and what i choose to do in my free time . those are the few things i would tell myself . eos
bos good music . a good game of basketball . sex . eos
bos i like going out . i like going to parties . social gatherings . where everyone's friendly and there is no drama that is what i like . eos
bos dancing beautiful women . a couple drinks that is about it . eos
bos i guess not necessarily giving up and . just . i do not know . just keep going just . not giving up really . yeah . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i am good how are you . eos
bos i am from florida originally . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos where are you from ? oh for work haha eos
bos i have not been back in like a few months . eos
bos i do not know i guess it is like a smaller town than here . eos
bos it was pretty easy . it is . it is not that much of a difference except i guess the buildings are bigger haha . eos
bos tisk i like the weather . and . i like the environment of like . hollywood i guess haha . eos
bos i hate the transportation transporta the transportation system . and the traffic it is really bad haha . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos yeah i have traveled a lot around america . eos
bos and . i guess it is just relaxing and it is fun haha . eos
bos mom has a friend up there so we went to visit her there . it is pretty cold haha . i did not like that . eos
bos about that particular trip . or . eos
bos called i think it is poutine or something and . so i guess that haha that was a new experience . eos
bos i try to get out in the sun like go to the beach or something . eos
bos or read a book . pretty . okay haha . depends on how bad the situation is . eos
bos i do not know like two days ago . i was arguing with my sister about something . eos
bos stupid i think she . i do not know she borrowed something from me and she did not give it back on time haha . eos
bos i mean yeah i wish i just would not lose my temper so quickly . sometimes . but that does not happen really often . eos
bos i do not know i guess think more before i talk . then maybe i will not lose my temper haha . eos
bos or something negative people that i have met before . i guess i just wanna erase . the thought of meeting them . eos
bos not very good influences so . yeah i would just wanna erase meeting them but i am not friends with them anymore so . eos
bos my . who is a positive influence . my family is a positive influence haha . and my friends now . eos
bos oh it is pretty good . i . talk to them a lot i see them a lot . so . yeah . eos
bos it is not that hard but haha it is a little . it is a . big decision . eos
bos computer science . eos
bos thanks . yeah a little bit haha not . not as much but a little bit . eos
bos and i was good at it so i just figured . i would go on studying it . for higher at a higher level . eos
bos so . yeah i am just happy i did it though . eos
bos my dream job haha . fashion designer haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos how hard is the job ? eos
bos fabric and . making clothes like that so i do not think it is a hard job actually . eos
bos i fall asleep like within five minutes . depending on how tired i am . eos
bos i am very irritable haha and . yeah i am very irritable and . not good to be around haha when i am tired . eos
bos and i cannot focus . eos
bos i have been feeling good fine . eos
bos thanks . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos where did i go . i went to this event . downtown . it was like a . art walk thing so it was exciting . eos
bos thanks . eos
bos they are just exhibiting their work and . i do not know it was just interesting to walk around and see all that . eos
bos i think i am hard working . and . what else . yeah i . that is it i think . eos
bos not easy to . anger like . get a temper or something . eos
bos getting get getting a having a temper . but i have never gotten in trouble or . eos
bos but . eos
bos yeah . it was that haha . eos
bos not . contacting like old friends that i knew . so i guess yeah maybe i will do that in the future . eos
bos i know them from like elementary school . eos
bos yeah but we lost contact through the years . because i switched schools . eos
bos with like . like not being . outgoing and stuff i guess i would just tell myself to be . more outgoing haha . eos
bos patient . hard working . and . what else did i say . kind haha i hope they would say that . eos
bos sigh . hmm . i am proud of my intelligence . eos
bos okay . eos
bos okay bye . eos
bos i am good how are you . eos
bos i am from here he from los angeles . eos
bos and it is not that i like it but that is just where i for my parents were so that is where i grew up . eos
bos nothing that is where i live i love la haha maybe that it is ghetto but that is about it haha . eos
bos clears throat i was thinking of going for sound engineer or mechanic . eos
bos hmm but i am not sure . eos
bos clears throat because cau because my dad he used to do that . eos
bos hmm i am not even sure to be honest . have not really thought about it . eos
bos i cannot look at your shoes . no i do not travel like that . eos
bos i do not know maybe money m money issue or something . if i had money yeah i will go all over the world just . eos
bos haha probably . outgoing . depends i guess . eos
bos i do not know . haha . eos
bos about what shy or . outgoing . eos
bos outgoing at a party you know like you are already out there so you cannot be shy i guess if you are going to a party . eos
bos good . eos
bos probably . my girlfriend and because i missed work because i just felt lazy . eos
bos i was like whatever you know i just did not wanna go and i . i do what i want haha i just did not go . eos
bos nah not really . she is over it already . eos
bos as long as we have the bills and rent paid haha . do not worry . eos
bos guilty . probably nothing . eos
bos i guess i should have gone to work haha . hmm clears throat . eos
bos damn that i could erase from that . probably bad friends that i have met you know . eos
bos like friends that trick you know that said that . that they just trick you friends that deceive you i guess . eos
bos get me hired there and give me direct deposit but then he ended up actually going into my account and taking money from my account . eos
bos so . eos
bos haha . eos
bos clears throat . probably moving out and into my mom's house . yeah i have not really been around eh like a big decision like that . eos
bos i wanted my own space you know my own life i wanna do what i want and come home when i want leave when i want . eos
bos yeah haha . eos
bos we are all close we are all you know we hardly argue we are all always around we always see each other . eos
bos my mom my dad my brother haha . eos
bos how they were a positive in my life ? eos
bos keep you going . eos
bos sigh . eos
bos easy . actually yeah pretty easy . eos
bos i am sorry . eos
bos i do not know maybe . more tired but i do not think annoyed or mad or anything like that . eos
bos good . everything's great . eos
bos maybe that i wanna start s know like start a new business or something . eos
bos so i see that his business is growing so i am probably gonna learn lear learn mechanic like i was saying earlier . at school . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos i do not even know what it what is that . eos
bos no . eos
bos nope . eos
bos coughs . coughs i am sorry . eos
bos yesterday haha last night because i got a new game haha . eos
bos coughs . that i am funny . haha . eos
bos i . no . coughs . eos
bos i do not think nothing everything's fine you know thank god everything's good right now . i do not think there is nothing to change like that . eos
bos maybe a better job . well first of all i do not even have a job . so i guess to change i get a job . eos
bos nah it is hard for someone to put me down like that . clears throat . eos
bos xxx could say probably that i am responsible as well . eos
bos so far each xxx yeah so each weekend right now we just . eos
bos people come over family come over and we pretty much just barbecue there just hang out . clears throat . eos
bos family that i have not seen for a while . so i enjoyed doing that . so . eos
bos give so little . but she at least we are all still good you know and we are still alive and everyone's still blessed and . eos
bos being around my family music always puts me in a good mood . eos
bos any kinda music even if it is even if it is depressing music it is still gonna go it is still gonna get me happy . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos haha . eos
bos hmm . no problem anytime . eos
bos bye ! hmm am i supposed to press the button . eos
bos i am good . eos
bos iowa . eos
bos when or why ? eos
bos two thousand one . eos
bos hmm . holidays and special family events . eos
bos it is much better there . eos
bos scrubbedentry . and i got into ucla went to ucla for three years . in their screenwriting program . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos sniffle . it is . took a long time it was difficult . eos
bos hmm just the stress st . getting used to and managing the stress of everyday living . eos
bos you know . hmm . variety there is a lot of variety vari there is a lot of variety here i like that . eos
bos scoff the obvious traffic haha . eos
bos internationally no . eos
bos sigh . just have not had . reason to i guess . eos
bos i have a bs in math and physics . eos
bos sigh i went to school later in life and i wanted to actually . know something . so it was very difficult . but i did it . eos
bos hmm . why . eos
bos it fascinated me i did not wanna be intimidated by it . eos
bos oh yeah . oh yeah . eos
bos haha . to be employed writer . eos
bos if i worked then th as hard as i do now when i was in school i would have a phd in math and physics . eos
bos sigh it is so hard . eos
bos outgoing . eos
bos it depends on the circumstance . it is not a catch-all . depends on the moment . eos
bos what do i do to relax ? i swim eos
bos hmm . eos
bos swam when last time i swam . last friday . eos
bos yeah hmm last friday . eos
bos what do i do when i am annoyed ? hmm swear to myself eos
bos pretty good hmm . pretty good . eos
bos takes . takes a lot to get me to express anger . eos
bos but i do . eos
bos it was in traffic actually haha so probably two weeks ago . eos
bos so in traffic . eos
bos and he pulled up along side me i had have no idea what his problem was . and we had a little li few words . eos
bos yeah . i mean i have no idea what i was doing wrong . eos
bos just waiting for the light . eos
bos do not know if i feel guilty as i feel remorseful about actions or words . said and done in the past they come up . eos
bos why did i say that why did i do that . eos
bos of my emotions . and taking the temperature of the moment and responding knowing when to respond and when and knowing not to respond . eos
bos so nothing really springs to mind that i wish i had done differently recently in my past yes but not recently . eos
bos oh . swallowing my pride . putting my tail between my legs . and saying i was wrong to friends . eos
bos sure . scrubbedentry . scrubbedentry . i contacted him again and then we are fast friends again . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos probably . altercations that i have had with my mom . you know . things i have said to hurt her . you know . eos
bos you know when you . hurt the ones that are closest to you that sticks . so any time any one of those situations you know . eos
bos so when i am i think my emotional iq has . eos
bos grown . so i think . in the past my emotional iq was very was stuck on infant haha . eos
bos so . so . eos
bos right now . eos
bos oh it is fine . you know . it was slow . so . eos
bos someone oh . scrubbedentry . has been positive influence in my life . my sisters i talk with my sisters . so . eos
bos extremely easy i sleep well each night about abo anywhere from at least eight to ten hours a night . eos
bos haha yeah . eos
bos crazy stuff . as far as movies and tv's concerned . eos
bos he said the idea of the angst-driven artist is bs he says you wanna be creative get a good night's sleep i like that . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos good i cannot wait to get up and start the day . eos
bos oh . if that happens it is gradual i am always thinking about . my behavior and my thought processes and how to . be more productive . eos
bos in my life . eos
bos with what . eos
bos acronym haha . eos
bos no . eos
bos informed people open-minded people it was a great those types of discussions are rare . eos
bos it is almost like running ru the high you get after running . or exercising you know the endorphins . eos
bos it was the same thing . eos
bos i . sigh either with friends or working on my stuff my writing . eos
bos or exercising . eos
bos my heighth . haha i wish i were taller . i wish . hmm . taller physical phys just physicality i wish i did not wear glasses . eos
bos hmm . nothing internal . eos
bos hmm . i am patient i have been commended for my patience . by strangers . eos
bos i understand that it takes time and energy to maintain them . and i take that time and energy . eos
bos well that is a really open general question of course you know it goes back are you talking recently are you talking . eos
bos you know so . i hate wasting time i hate wasting money i hate wasting energy . eos
bos sigh . i would say . i was codependant ten or twenty years ago i would say get some help . get some help . eos
bos you are co . hmm k . eos
bos sure . eos
bos i am fine thank you . eos
bos i am from los angeles . eos
bos well you cannot beat the weather . and . i just think the familiarity of home just makes me feel comfortable here . eos
bos smog . rudeness although it does not compare to new york it is . haha people can be unbearable when they are rude . eos
bos not as much as i would like lately i traveled more in the past but not lately no . eos
bos i just think seeing different places it is . learning new things finding things that are fascinating that peak my interest . eos
bos di i did not think any place was dirtier than downtown la haha but i think times time i think haha times square's got us beat . eos
bos too many to mention i do not even know where to start . eos
bos suppose it depends on the situation . eos
bos you know just things that i do not have to exert myself too much helps me relax . eos
bos sigh . in the past i have had problems but i am getting better haha let us just say that haha . eos
bos ah probably argued with my roommate . psh couple days ago but . that happens we are friends it is a loving argument haha if you will . eos
bos i met this roommate about six seven years ago we just kind of . kinda moved around the same social circles and just got along . eos
bos argue we have our differences sometimes but there is not one person i would rather have i would rather live with than her she is cool . eos
bos hmm . how much time do we have . haha . it is just too numerous to mention . i would not know how to answer that . eos
bos cared about but knowing . knowing that it just was not going to work . that was very difficult . eos
bos there was something missing . and i think i invested enough time she invested enough time and . just knew it was over . eos
bos no . eos
bos oh there is a lot too numerous to mention i do not know how to answer that . eos
bos i would have handled that better . eos
bos scoff . eos
bos my mother and my father are both alive hmm do not interact a whole lot i am very close to my older sister . eos
bos my older sister . eos
bos she always felt makes me feel comfortable i am like another son to her haha in a way . eos
bos need to get to sleep it just requires me listen to the radio listen lis watching tv reading and eventually i will get tired fall asleep . eos
bos crabby i suppose like anybody else . tired . listless you know all the normal things i suppose happen when somebody does not sleep well . eos
bos i feel good . eos
bos hmm no not really . no i would not say . i have . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos yes i have . eos
bos i was diagnosed probably about . about five years ago . eos
bos and i just was tired of feeling that way so i sought help . eos
bos social socia i became socially awkward which was a little bit different for me because growing up i was . you know quite talkative haha . eos
bos i do . eos
bos i am sorry say again . eos
bos gotcha it does i think it does . eos
bos and not get so tense or angry . and then react . i think it is calmed me down for the most part . eos
bos now it is becoming routine . initially it was very difficult . eos
bos when i was five years old haha ? eos
bos oh no when wh when you are a kid there is nothing really to . there is nothing to be sad about you are a kid . eos
bos my best friend . a jerk i do not yeah . i have a dry i have a dry sense of humor so you know . eos
bos i think the . the banter back and forth is you know usually an insult but you know it is all in love . eos
bos inclined to play basketball so i then become go to the nba and be a millionaire i know that is all unrealistic but just answering honestly . eos
bos hmm . anything i regret have not we asked this before i mean so many do not know where to start . eos
bos what you would what you know how you feel ten twenty years from now looking back i do not know what advice i would give myself . eos
bos become a hobby of mine is rescuing dogs fostering dogs and finding them homes it is haha . eos
bos last week for a small dog i found eh there is not greater feeling because the man told me haha the man told me how his . eos
bos how his hi how his daughter ? or was just crying when she left so to be able to give her give him back that was cool eos
bos i . i take . pride in though i do not show it or speak about it often . eos
bos haha yeah . eos
bos you look like my friend rachel it is funny . eos
bos i am fine . eos
bos florida . eos
bos about two to three months ago . eos
bos i have not been back as yet . eos
bos it is basically the same nice sunny weather . eos
bos for a career purpose entertainment . eos
bos not very difficult because the people are very friendly . eos
bos oh definitely the weather . the upbeat environment . and the opportunities for . entertainment career . eos
bos earthquakes haha . eos
bos hmm i travel a lot within the united states yes . eos
bos i love seeing new places and . the different sceneries and meeting new people . eos
bos the rocks the different sculptures of the rocks and the landscape was just fascinating . eos
bos i just enjoy seeing different sceneries so i do not think there is any one particular one that stands out . eos
bos i just did two years . two years of college and it was in . social science . eos
bos no . eos
bos i am a bit too old for that now haha . eos
bos shy haha . eos
bos i guess i am more of an introvert so i guess i am more shy . eos
bos hmm haha . oh i listen to music . eos
bos inspirational music . eos
bos i am pretty good . eos
bos hmm . argue my daughter . it what was it . eos
bos what was it about ? her just being disrespectful eos
bos i felt angry . eos
bos hmm i have a great relationship haha . we get along well . eos
bos we are quite close we get along very well . eos
bos hmm . handled different . i cannot think of any right now . eos
bos hmm . probably . hmm staying st hmm staying away from my mother for a . good many years . eos
bos oh because of relationships problems that i had to adjust to with her . eos
bos hmm not really hmm . eos
bos scrubbedentry . eos
bos guilty . hmm sometimes i eat . more sweets s sweets than i should desserts than i should . eos
bos haha . eos
bos hmm a positive influence . my . my husband my aunts . my daughters haha . eos
bos he is great in that area . eos
bos very easy . eos
bos grouchy haha . eos
bos hmm . sometimes a little tired but other than that it is i am okay haha . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos oh . i get very happy when i am gonna travel the last time was relocating to los angeles . eos
bos an activity heritage weekend and . the screening of a movie and i really enjoyed it . on the weekend . eos
bos hmm . i do not know haha calm . hmm shy haha . eos
bos hmm i really do not know haha . eos
bos my size . my weight . eos
bos hmm . i guess whenever i am called fat haha that i am fat . eos
bos i think i am patient . i love people i love helping people . eos
bos hmm . yes haha . eos
bos no that is a bit personal haha . eos
bos what advice would i give myself ten twenty years ? hmm always aim for the best and be the best do the best that you can every day eos
bos hmm . they are great kids sometimes they get out of hand sometimes disrespectful but overall they are great . eos
bos a disciplinarian so it is a bit easy for me haha . eos
bos take the values that you taught them and kept the values . that you taught them and . continue to excel in their life . eos
bos be there in every situation or have control of every situation and some things you just cannot . like sickness hmm . eos
bos i wish i was able to take that pain whenever they are going through anything i wish i was able to take it instead of them . eos
bos mom was to me more i think . my demonstration of love is a bit more than she was to me . eos
bos and i guess i am most proud of that . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos fine . eos
bos new york . eos
bos yep . eos
bos eh about six months . six months ago . eos
bos nicer pace . eos
bos photography job . eos
bos it is a good move . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i love the weather . eos
bos cool people . relax easy to talk to . eos
bos nice environment . eos
bos hmm . crime when you go through some sections . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i have done my share . eos
bos the ability to sigh . capture events . be a part of it be a part of exciting things like . eos
bos olympics games festivals . special shows . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos meet new people . yeah . which one . eos
bos hmm canada . eos
bos it was nice . very refreshing hmm clean environment . the people seemed very lighthearted . but you are able to do serious work . eos
bos i love the landscape . eos
bos i think it was riding onboard an amtrak train . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos liberated . eos
bos photography . eos
bos i think i am doing it you know . eos
bos and i connect well with people . eos
bos so that kinda curtails with my spirit of adventure sometimes i think . eos
bos an example hmm . well an example of what exactly you mean what aspect . eos
bos is that a good getaway spot still right now . something like that you know . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos hmm . me i huh . i take walks . i call up a friend we have tea or something you know . eos
bos i think i pretty much gotten that under control . eos
bos i do not really dwell on . negative things too much . eos
bos  eos
bos i do not have any regrets right now hmm . eos
bos i really cannot think of anything right off the top . eos
bos was . not hiring a good friend . for a job that . you know they were not qualified for . that is hard . eos
bos because you have to explain to them that it is not the friendship you are hiring it is their competence . eos
bos my father . eos
bos and i found that to be true so . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos my . distant siblings you know i do not see as often as i can . hmm yeah . eos
bos it is nothing like hmm yeah . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i tend to overlook the time sometime but other than that . you know when i am out that is it . eos
bos i try not to be grumpy or anything i just probably feel a little bit tired hmm . eos
bos i feel okay now . eos
bos changes like what . eos
bos i see a lot of new things unfolding i mean from that perspective yes . eos
bos no . eos
bos never . eos
bos i feel okay now . eos
bos i went to a great party last week . that was really cool . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos and it was quite inspiring actually and i got a lot of information . and a lot of good connections were made . eos
bos hmm awesome guy awesome absolutely awesome . eos
bos if i am in the mood for company you know . i have friends and . you know family members join me . eos
bos well . i would kinda like to put on more weight sometime but that does not seem to work . i eat like crazy and nothing happen . eos
bos maybe they do not need to and it does not really bother me i have kinda worked those things out in time you know . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos my best qualities probably . listening i think . mumbling . and . maybe just talking . you know on a conversational level . eos
bos  eos
bos when i clears throat when i see too much of that i just pull back . eos
bos and you will be okay . and that is the way i feel now that it is kind of evolved itself . eos
bos in my . my thinking my framework . that i think that saved me a lot of problems that could have been differently . eos
bos mumbles . very good questions . eos
bos i . eos
bos i am doing good . eos
bos i was born in lynwood . eos
bos i like all the sightseeing and all the . clothing and stores that they have . eos
bos well some things all the graffiti . basically all the wrongdoing . criminal activity and all that bad stuff . eos
bos i have traveled in the past . i do not really go out of state . eos
bos basically . budget money budget expenses does not . limit me to go to another state . eos
bos i studied automotive technology . eos
bos and welding . eos
bos just a passion for cars since i was little . always basically . just wanted to work on cars . pretty . eos
bos yeah i really love working on cars . eos
bos automotive shop or . to own a barber shop . or to just basically be a . probably a master welder . eos
bos consider myself a little more outgoing . eos
bos just because i like having fun being . just having fun with my friends . being able to do anything i please . eos
bos basically just smoke on my free time sometimes or . just lay down watch a movie listen to some music . eos
bos basically hip hop music . or maybe . a good comedy movie . eos
bos fairly easy about it . i do not really . let go get let my bad side get to my emotions . eos
bos probably earlier today about with my girlfriend . or wife basically about where we gonna go eat . eos
bos since she would not make up her mind kinda made me . uneasy . eos
bos probably just to relax and stay calm more than just to outburst and raise my voice . eos
bos wrongdoings in my past basically anything i could have changed . hmm to better myself . eos
bos basically . doing something better at a job that or maybe . not doing the job at my greatest . eos
bos hardest decision would have to be . to plan a family probably . eos
bos talking it out with my partner . if we are really ready to begin a family . clears throat . eos
bos just basically . the love and bond between me and my wife . eos
bos basically might be like a crash accident . eos
bos the freeway barrier . and the car spun out and it basically almost ended up off of a little hill . eos
bos at all and just hoping that i was gonna be okay . eos
bos early on in my day fairly would go to sleep pretty good . eos
bos just restless and just a little more stressed constant things more . would be on my mind . lack of energy maybe . eos
bos xxx pretty relaxed calm . eos
bos not really just same old . me day through day just . try to stay happy and relaxed calm just try to stay positive energy . eos
bos no i have not being diagnosed . eos
bos no i have not been diagnosed by depression . eos
bos earlier today when i had some food . eos
bos it is pretty close bonded . it was good . we talk about a lot of necessary stuff try to help each other out at all times . eos
bos my father my sister . my mother . eos
bos a mentor to me kind of look up to her as far as . graduating school and everything try to keep going . eos
bos kinda seem . more advanced thinking . compared to what the kids were probably thinking back in the old age . eos
bos they learn things a little more quicker . eos
bos no not majorly . just things that i could have thought i could have done . better or . or just a little differently . eos
bos basically just . kinda wish i would nota . sped through intersections or . gotten all those tickets i have received on my record . eos
bos just after you realize it the first time try not to do it again . so the same mistake does not happen . eos
bos maybe try to . not be so much of a negative thinker at times when things get a little harder . clears throat . eos
bos basically when somebody . accuses you of . wrongdoing that probably has not been done . eos
bos basically when a police officer tells you have done wrong when you clearly know that you have not done . anything wrong . eos
bos probably earlier this year . eos
bos i was just very tired that night it was twelve am . therefore . i was trying i was i looked probably a little sleepy . eos
bos just . fun cool . easygoing good attitude . loyal l xxx loyal . eos
bos drifting my two forty sx spending quality time with my wife and kids . eos
bos basically . everything i have done for myself from when i graduated high school up to now . eos
bos i am doing very good today . eos
bos i am originally from chicago illinois . moved out here when i was three . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i never go back . eos
bos family issues . eos
bos if you are into the cold weather then you would rather be out there i like the sun . eos
bos i will . eos
bos my mom and my dad split up . eos
bos haha it is okay . eos
bos i have no idea i was only three when i moved out here . eos
bos fall and the summer i like the beaches i like hollywood . i like that the lakers are here and . and . eos
bos from all over the country and all over the world they come to la for a better opportunity so that is what i like about la . eos
bos oh gang violence . eos
bos and another time to barstow california but i do not do much traveling right now mainly because of finances . eos
bos i studied alcohol and drug counseling . eos
bos did a intership and got hired and so . i believe that is what i am supposed to be doing with my life . eos
bos since i came back down i have been filling out applications and sending resumes and trying to get interviews so i can get back into counseling . eos
bos yeah they just want people to be certified not being certified the experience . and the fact that i have a felony makes it hard . eos
bos haha my dream job is to open my own facility . or as an author . eos
bos but if people open up right away then i open up right away . eos
bos or i just close my eyes and just lay down and pretend like i can sing which i cannot . so haha that is . eos
bos and another thing i do is . i eat ice cream haha . eos
bos and i believe angry outbursts to be a link to . heart problems and high blood pressure so i definitely do not want that . eos
bos so . yeah those six nine months i cannot get back . eos
bos yes . eos
bos and heard so i just do not want it to happen to me at all so i just keep my distance . eos
bos the way he changed his life around and you know the way he approached me as a father was just something that i will never forget . eos
bos and . eos
bos i feel . i think about it all the time . eos
bos replaying in my mind over and over again so yeah that day that memory right there . eos
bos i felt conflicting feelings . because on one hand . eos
bos from getting beat . and on the other hand he was hitting my mom . so . was kinda in the middle . eos
bos in the morning and i am probably prob i am more than likely up at seven in the morning so i do not get much sleep . eos
bos if people are easygoing no one will even know that i did not get much sleep . eos
bos have a lot to offer humanity so it is just a matter of time before the that the public is exposed to what i have been gathering eos
bos back then i just tolerated myself now i . actually like myself and it will behoove beh behoove you . to feel the same way . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos no . eos
bos last time i felt happy was last night because the lakers won the basketball game . eos
bos haha . yeah . eos
bos my best friend would describe me he calls me the truth . eos
bos like i said like a clear glass with nothing in it and . eos
bos yes that is why he calls me the truth haha . eos
bos at least thirty five pounds heavier but i am working on it . eos
bos could have been playing for the lakers last night but . hey . eos
bos i am just real proud of that and . her life has been affecting people . in a positive way so yeah my mom . eos
bos haha okay thank you . eos
bos okay . eos
bos santiago chile . eos
bos hmm permanently in nineteen seventy seven . eos
bos hmm . about every three to four years . eos
bos it is similar . eos
bos my parents moved here . eos
bos very easy . eos
bos hmm . the variety . the culture . the things there is so many things to do . eos
bos so many options . eos
bos traffic . the pressure . to live up to a standard s high standard . eos
bos expensive . eos
bos sociology . and psychology . eos
bos that with an education i would be much better equipped to provide services . for the population i was working with . eos
bos yes . eos
bos no . eos
bos tisk . to own my own . nonprofit organization that provides services for . women that are considered marginalized populations . eos
bos hmm . i like to travel but no i do not travel a lot . eos
bos oh sigh . the different cultures the different architects . the . the knowledge that you acquire . eos
bos variety of foods . eos
bos because it is so beautiful and it is so clean and open . eos
bos  eos
bos neither . i can be . eos
bos i can be really shy but i force myself to be more outgoing . though i think . people perceive me as very outgoing . eos
bos hmm . i go on facebook . or i check my emails . or i watch movies . eos
bos but there are times when i am feeling very stressed and i have . temper outburst anger outbursts . eos
bos i do not know sigh about . maybe . thirty days . ago . and it was about . my inadequate parenting skills . eos
bos xxx . ashamed . angry . confused . but i also felt like i needed to have . my perspective understood . eos
bos but he tends to be pretty hard on himself . and has a lot of opinions about a lot of things . eos
bos hmm i love being a parent but being a parent is not easy . eos
bos the unconditional love you feel for your children . eos
bos tolerating . their shortcomings and their suffering . and feeling like . regret for not having done a better job . eos
bos i am more accepting of the choices . that they make even though i might not agree with them . eos
bos i was close when i was younger to my father but he passed away when i was twenty five . eos
bos my college professors . eos
bos helped me perceive a different perspective on . human beings . made me more altruistic and more . open and less judgment judgmental . eos
bos being poor . and unsuccessful . eos
bos better choices . eh . regarding the . fathers of my children . and a and or stepfathers . eos
bos maybe xxx . sigh when i . i left my kids . eos
bos leaving my kids with their perspective fathers . and . until i got better i was not able to . be a full-time mother . eos
bos yeah it was . eos
bos separation from my kids is really hard separation from my kids is really hard . eos
bos i feel . ashamed and guilt and remorse . eos
bos i might have had the ability to not have caused them . some of the problems that they have today . eos
bos hmm sometimes good . i have to be really tired . sometimes not so good . eos
bos hmm . ineffective . eos
bos hmm . ineffective . eos
bos get organized and . take some . steps to . physical health well-being . getting out more forcing myself to participate in life more . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos originally i think i was diagnosed in nineteen . eighty . maybe before that but it was never a formal diagnosis . eos
bos i tried to commit suicide . eos
bos yes . eos
bos sometimes . eos
bos i am no longer . truly suicidal . eos
bos hmm . i do not know . two thousand six two thousand seven . eos
bos deep breath sigh . went to the beach for a walk with my dog . eos
bos learning . i crave learning . i am socially empathetic . i love my children . i am a good friend . eos
bos i wish i could be . more motivated in participating in areas that i am interested in . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos go to college . eos
bos my children . eos
bos i am doing fine . eos
bos mexico . eos
bos when i was young seven years old ? eos
bos i have been there like three or four times for vacation . eos
bos i feel more at peace over there than here . eos
bos well my family moved down here for a better life that was my parents . eos
bos the different things that you could do you could be at the beach or you could go to the mountains different variety of things to do . eos
bos the traffic and sometimes somet yeah basically the traffic and yeah that is one of the main things . eos
bos not that much i been to new york and mexico only . eos
bos just seeing new places and finding new locations you know something new . eos
bos like for a trip or . eos
bos i like you know about finding about my ancient culture since i am mexican from mayan aztec so i like to see different things like that . eos
bos well i did drop out but i came back and i am trying to get back into it right now trying to learn graphic designs . eos
bos going into business i like what the it entitles about . eos
bos and do not being relying on someone else just be able to have freedom for myself . eos
bos outgoing . eos
bos well i just like to you know . be around people like to get to know people and depending on the person how i feel around 'em . eos
bos i like to hear music or you know . do different things like play sports or do different things just to unwind . eos
bos well i am getting better at it . you know . i xxx . eos
bos but the person he is like more picky about it you know he is more . eos
bos you know how girls are you know they want everything right there and then . eos
bos that you need to resolve something . eos
bos you are making you know an argument you know a storm in a glass of water . eos
bos it is like hmm . eos
bos like dropping out of school and doing other different things . hmm . eos
bos guilty not that much because . not really . not that i could think right off the top of my head . eos
bos the hardest decision . oh it is just not on top of my head right now . eos
bos but . not nothing like a particular only when my brothers died and different things like that . hmm . eos
bos and it is just not a pleasant memory for me to talk about that much get into it . eos
bos so i do like to have a good relationship with my family . eos
bos is why sometimes i be like you know running around trying to get everythings done but done correctly not trying to take the easy way out . eos
bos and it is hard to stay focused on you know the correct stuff . eos
bos sometimes i cannot even wake up even with the alarm . eos
bos hard so you know i just knock out . eos
bos but i still have to know i have to do something so i still go through with it . eos
bos i just you know put myself to do it no matter how i feel . eos
bos no . nothing out of the ordinary . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos going out have some fun and you know i was drinking and just relaxing . and winding win winding down . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos be with her doing the other different things . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos have to you know build trust or feel comfortable with them . eos
bos my temper and different things drinking things i am . changing a little different things so i could get more different things done . eos
bos i and as soon as they saw my credit card they kinda changed perspective because they saw the wells fargo logo they know i was american . eos
bos you have the money you ask for something you are gonna ask for something because you have it not just to waste wa kill their time . eos
bos just because they saw a logo of a card . that is how they you know . it just it was ridiculous for me . eos
bos no . eos
bos go you know try to control my temper and do different things because if i knew what i know now back then it would be different . eos
bos get you know my either going back to school so it is basically ba basically getting back to school and finishing the high school the ged . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos okay . you are welcome . eos
bos hmm i am doing pretty good . eos
bos i was born in los angeles . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i like the diversity of the city all the attractions and things that you can see the food restaurants . eos
bos things like that . eos
bos traffic . freeways . crime . eos
bos hmm . yes i do . eos
bos hmm . seeing new places or going back and seeing same places and just enjoying relaxing getting away from la . eos
bos well let us see last trip . i made was up to the central coast up in cambria and pismo beach area and solvang santa ynez . eos
bos huh . yeah . eos
bos probably when i got to study abroad in madrid spain when i was a student at ucla . eos
bos huh in terms of travel . eos
bos and it was just a memorable year something someth an experience that i would never haha forget . eos
bos thanks . eos
bos probably more shy but sometimes i could be outgoing . eos
bos but if i am among friends and things like that then i can be pretty outgoing . eos
bos with people i know . eos
bos haha . haha . haha . drink wine . yeah drink wine maybe listen to some . nice music . eos
bos pretty good i can i am pretty good at controlling my emotions . eos
bos discussion maybe . about . finances maybe . money . eos
bos just . oh just a little irritated haha . but not really . not really strong emotional . eos
bos wow gosh i haha . i cannot think of anything at the moment so let us skip that one . eos
bos hmm maybe . eating more junk food than i admit to . or . eos
bos the hardest decision i ever had to make . maybe . buying a home h buying a home . or remodeling the home . spending money for . eos
bos  eos
bos i felt it was time to move on with my life and to buy a place for myself so i could be self-sufficient and independent . eos
bos xxx . yes very happy . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i wanna erase that whole year nineteen eighty three . eos
bos teaching k twelve was not was w not for me . eos
bos i studied stud my major was spanish and linguistics . eos
bos i was getting good grades so i thought maybe this is what i should go into . foreign languages . eos
bos i was teaching teachi i was an adult ed teacher teaching english as a second language for thirty years and i just recently decided to retire myself . eos
bos my relationship with my father was not as good as with my other family members . eos
bos yeah . but on the xxx on the whole we have pretty good relation with the rest of my family now . eos
bos pretty easy i do not have any problems . eos
bos messing up the sheets but that does not happen too often . eos
bos oh pretty good i think i have been feeling pretty good no major health problems or anything . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos last time i was really happy . probably when spring break came around it was vacation time and it was time to haha go on our trip . eos
bos and enjoying different sights and eating good food and haha . and buying wine to replenish our dwindling supply at home . eos
bos haha thanks . eos
bos i think she would describe me as . eh . kind and sweet and . motivated and just a nice person . eos
bos i tend to be more reserved . so i would not mind being more outgoing towards strangers and things but . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos christmas carols and i i played it to some other people and they found out and they really laid a guilt trip on me for doing that eos
bos but it worked out okay . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos probably having . done what i did by haha playing it to other people . eos
bos keep pursuing what you want and never give up xxx see it as a and as a disappointment if nothing noth if it does not work out eos
bos i am a motivated person i am hardworking i am conscientious i am caring . i am generally a pretty happy type person . eos
bos something recently . what i really enjoyed . going to the festival of books at usc . this weekend . eos
bos it is a great event for haha just to haha get out and it was nice weather too so it was nice to be out there . eos
bos hmm . yeah i really enjoyed that especially the food . eos
bos thanks . eos
bos being successful in my work in my life in my marriage and . just yeah just basically being happy with myself . eos
bos oh you are welcome . eos
bos i am doing pretty good . eos
bos i was born and raised right here in los angeles . eos
bos learn about different people . eos
bos you know add more buses and things like that just make it easier for people to get around on public transportation . eos
bos so i have just traveled domestically i try to take at least one trip a year somewhere . eos
bos you know things like that . eos
bos but i miss the trip and i look forward to going back . eos
bos i just love it there and i actually kinda look forward to moving there one day . eos
bos so he will be nine in june and then my oldest will be fourteen so it is a challenging time for me as well . eos
bos maybe even being a foster parent later down the line when they are older and off in college because i really love children and giving back . eos
bos you know you are keeping up with the day to day and that is those two are probably the hardest things for me to deal with . eos
bos trying to go back to school to put myself in a better economic situation so i can continue to provide for them comfortably . eos
bos i studied communications actually i was a journalism public relations major with a minor in sociology . and now i am studying business haha . eos
bos you know but i like both fields i really do i like communicating writing reading talking as you can tell and so we will see . eos
bos if i could encompass all three hopefully i can i would like to do that . eos
bos attach myself to one or two people and . you know become friendly with them but i overall i am a open friendly person . eos
bos go and have lunch by myself or get a mani pedi or . maybe go window shopping you know things like that . eos
bos because i would want that you know if it were me i would want someone to extend that to me . eos
bos just lose it . eos
bos but it was a tense exchange for a minute or two . eos
bos and not really raised my voice and you know been more polite . eos
bos being unemployed or you know lot of financial problems but that to me was the hardest . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos no . hmm . eos
bos no . eos
bos good person and she deserves it but xxx of course deep down inside i wish it was me so that too has kinda been bothering me . eos
bos you know like i said i have my moments but i know if it is something i could go into and develop i would do well . eos
bos the one thing i could say i regret is not following my goals and finishing school on time and pursuing what i really wanted to do . eos
bos stay focused and finish school and pick a career path and . stay on that and stay motivated and do not let anything or anybody deter you . eos
bos and i am proud of the fact that i have maintained and done a pretty good job with raising my kids solo . eos
bos okay . eos
bos great thank you . eos
bos i am doing fine . eos
bos i am from los angeles and born in los angeles . eos
bos yes . eos
bos you have a lot of places to go a lot of people to see a lot of things to do . eos
bos smog . the environmental has changed over the years xxx . i have been around since nineteen fifty two and . eos
bos and . hmm basically that is about it . eos
bos i have been to several s several places in the united states yes . eos
bos just going somewhere different than where i have been here all my life . eos
bos to go to is alaska because i want to be able to see certain areas that we have not destroyed yet as far as the environmental . eos
bos i do not have a problem meeting people . i am only shy in conversing back and forth to a stranger haha . eos
bos right time to even enter 'em i usually try to enter 'em before midnight when everybody else is sleep so it is been successful for me . eos
bos getting married and having my children haha . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos and the other one is a computer engineer . so and i have been married for thirty three years . eos
bos and . basically marriage pretty strong . eos
bos have been with a girls maybe a little different but haha with boys i have to say they were pretty obedient and they respect the law . eos
bos so it pays off . eos
bos and i basically he treats her well . eos
bos i was more of a social butterfly my mother was a not a social butterfly . so i made up for it . eos
bos can put your yo open your mouth too soon and you can put yourself in something that you may not be able to get out of . eos
bos so eh that is one of the biggest arguments what we are having right now . that i can think of that is recent . eos
bos he does not look at all that stuff he is he just jumps into it haha . eos
bos and so i was really very upset yesterday and i was very upset about it because eos
bos it was just wasted money that we could have saved because we wind up doing the same thing all over again . eos
bos and it did not make any sense . eos
bos and i do not i pay very little money . so i think that over negates the money that i receive . eos
bos a medical condition so that was something so we had to pay for the whole just about everything . eos
bos i went through . and my husband agreed that is the one thing we did agree on . eos
bos i mean it is nothing they can do but make one phone call . eos
bos and that is it . eos
bos i have no problem sleeping i sleep very haha well . pretty good . eos
bos physical condition i have i found i have vitamin b deficiency and vitamin d xxx deficiency so it is more physical but not in the mental . eos
bos exercise walk walking more so . eos
bos no not really . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos thanks and then they i will follow up on 'em and see how they are doing . eos
bos and i get that spunk about it because i like to look for stuff and find it . eos
bos and that gives me satisfaction . eos
bos not happy with my weight that is it yeah . eos
bos i am sorry did not hear you . eos
bos lose i mean i can lose the weight but i regret not being able to keep it i fall back on putting the weight back on . eos
bos putting away more money before i retire . instead of retiring too early . eos
bos it is basically keeping the same friends i think eh we are gonna probably outlive each other haha . eos
bos okay . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos i am okay thank you . eos
bos i was born in east los angeles . and . eos
bos yes . eos
bos temperature . and climates to go skiing or . to the beach maybe in the same day . eos
bos i like that . eos
bos hmm i think probably the overcrowding . and the smog . eos
bos hmm not frequently but i have . eos
bos meeting other people and learning about their environment and their cultures . eos
bos italians and their culture i felt . i was not as you know i was just better prepared i thought . for that trip . eos
bos being in the countryside and seeing a very tiny house . in the midst of . acres and acres of grapes was just . magnificent . eos
bos human development . eos
bos towards that particular major and . and i am happy with it . eos
bos well he is not so little i am preparing to go back to work . in the meantime i design jewelry . eos
bos well i have three . children i have a almost four year old and then i have two older children . seventeen and twenty three . eos
bos no . eos
bos that your children the love sigh from them and for them is unconditional . eos
bos for every age haha . and then everybody in my household is all different because they are different ages . eos
bos so . eos
bos every year month . you know clears throat and . so i think it difference differs in that way . eos
bos tremendously . eos
bos very close . clears throat . eos
bos outgoing . eos
bos i . feel a little . you know . confident to talk to people . i probably talk . more than i need to haha . eos
bos clears throat i bead . i clears throat do i design jewelry that is what i do to relax . eos
bos and . yeah that . that is something i have to work on . eos
bos like exercising or something . eos
bos clears throat it was my husband and it was about . he asked me whether i thought about cheating ever in our marriage . on him . eos
bos really tired of talking about that same topic ? eos
bos that . went into . that . argument i mean it was not ayelling y yelling i mean it was part conversation and part texting . eos
bos sigh . not talking . at all haha . eos
bos handle any kind of situation that involves my children no matter how upset i might get . and result in yelling . eos
bos hmm . that would probably be whether to keep . a pregnancy or not . eos
bos the hospital should unplug the life . or life support machine for my father . or not . that was the hardest decision . eos
bos like that anymore and he would be a vegetable i was told . so i agreed . to resort that . eos
bos not . hardly ever . eos
bos but it is hard . eos
bos very stressed . eos
bos hmm my son is . has been . in dealing with some legal issues . and currently is incarcerated . and . it is been really hard . eos
bos yes i have been probably very short . moody irritable . eos
bos point a to point b and i do not even know how i got there . you know . it is interesting . yeah . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos about three years ago . eos
bos my . obg . suggested i . i . see a psychiatrist . eos
bos yes . eos
bos my life my week to . see my therapist . it really helped me . cope . eos
bos sigh when i picked up my son haha up from . when he was released . from . jail . eos
bos legally of course . outgoing . maybe sometimes a little too for too outgoing for her . and . compassionate . sensitive . loyal . eos
bos hmm . all the things that remind me of my mother haha . eos
bos used to drive me so crazy i see s can see myself . doing them and it bothers me a lot . eos
bos regarding what . eos
bos hmm . clears throat . not too much really i do not know . eos
bos not in a relationship and still be happy and . live life . eos
bos what did i do ? hmm i visited my son yesterday and that was really good yeah eos
bos i was happy that he was safe . eos
bos my children . and . my accomplishments . in . school and work . eos
bos i am doing fine thank you . eos
bos los angeles california . eos
bos the variety of people . the multicultural food haha and . going to movies . eos
bos rude people . scary people . it is violent . eos
bos yes . eos
bos experiencing different things . seeing different cultures . eos
bos food was great . bavarian alps the snow . the people . i loved it . eos
bos having a baby . eos
bos well it was just the most memorable thing in my life something i will never forget . eos
bos great ! eos
bos one son . grown . handsome . father of two . eos
bos no . it is actually very hard for me . eos
bos not becoming angry . too quickly . eos
bos being able to cultivate . a mind . love someone unconditionally . eos
bos tried to protect him from it . eos
bos i think it is really hard because you never really know people what they will do . eos
bos outgoing . eos
bos because if i am in a room with people i am usually . the first one to start talking . eos
bos as a matter of fact i have fish aquarium . that is what . keeps me calm . eos
bos not very good . eos
bos haha seems like everyday i argue with somebody about something but yesterday . eos
bos a lady tried to cut line . in the grocery store and i politely told her i was in line and . she did not wanna move . eos
bos yes it has . because sometimes if people do not want to move then i feel it is my place to move them . eos
bos hurting people physically . eos
bos if i feel disrespected or somebody puts their hands on me i can get very ugly . i do not like that about me . eos
bos someone with my name and they were very rude to me and . i really was not happy with the way they treated me . eos
bos how to ? stay calm when someone has crossed over into my boundary my personal space eos
bos i do not want anybody in my area of . protection i guess . eos
bos stay away from people . haha . stay away from . eos
bos it is hard you cannot live in this world without other people . sometimes they just irritate the heck out of me . eos
bos being assaulted in the military is something i wish i could forget . eos
bos just that i felt . helpless alone ashamed and angry . that is about all i wanna go into . eos
bos eighteen . eos
bos yeah . very young . eos
bos no . eos
bos other military veterans . hurting me when they . explode or go off or . have issues of . ptsd . eos
bos i cannot remember . eos
bos i worked for the federal government . eos
bos a organization that had a book of rules and they followed them . the government one government to another . eos
bos yes . eos
bos and in the civilian world you have to go through so many hoops and . different people to talk to get something done . eos
bos administration of justice . eos
bos no i do not work anymore . eos
bos oh yeah . eos
bos almost two years . eos
bos anxiety attacks . outburts out . outburts of anger . i was always in emotional pain . and i always wanted to hit somebody . eos
bos yes mostly disrespect but i feel it is disrespect of people getting too close to me or . i feel in fear of them for some reason . eos
bos i cannot remember the last time i had a good night's sleep . eos
bos what ? eos
bos irritable angry moody pissed off . irrational . eos
bos tired . sick of the world angry at the world . wanting to be left alone . eos
bos sometimes i do not wanna go on . eos
bos yes . eos
bos oh yeah haha oh yeah . eos
bos know . and . act accordingly if i want to haha . eos
bos when i saw my grandchildren when they came to visit ? eos
bos make me forget about all the pain in life . sniff . eos
bos sniff . planting seeds for some vegetables making a garden . eos
bos sniff . eos
bos so i decided to find out sniff plant something and watch it grow . eos
bos sniff . sitting on the beach looking look facing the water . thinking talking to god . wishing i were somewhere else . eos
bos like hawaii . penthouse over maui . eos
bos that i could trust people . that i would not lash out at them . that i could sleep at night . eos
bos sniff . crazy . hot headed sniff . emotional . eos
bos being in the wrong place at the wrong time . eos
bos do not trust anyone ? be careful be wary of people and what they want from you eos
bos my son . my grandchildren . eos
bos my father's family i have not seen in years my . parents are dead . my son lives in another state . eos
bos give care to . sometimes i am a caregiver so sometimes the people that i work with . older and wiser . sniff . eos
bos i am loyal . spiritual . supportive . kind . generous . eos
bos in a day pretty well except for drab weather . eos
bos originally i am from detroit michigan . eos
bos yes . eos
bos back in the eighties . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos it is been a while the last time it is been about five years . eos
bos sigh more setback out here it is you know you have the weather that is prominent pr prominent reason for coming is the weather . eos
bos it does well maybe better opportunities . and the weather haha . eos
bos yes sigh . eos
bos the surroundings . the locations and the . vast area that someone had to cover to get to one spot to another . eos
bos two . the prospects of starting out a business or becoming . self-employed and . doing what i like to do . eos
bos the people . eos
bos people think that you have some agenda just for saying hello in passing . so . that is what i do not like about la . eos
bos motown bands back in the day so yeah so i am used to traveling yes yeah . eos
bos viewing the countryside visiting different towns different cultures . different towns and seeing how . basically how the rest of the country lives . eos
bos i have been back and forth across this country at least . sixteen to twenty times so . yeah it is been an adventure . eos
bos what were they confederates they still have this tendency of thinking blacks . or any other culture besides whites are not . valuable people . eos
bos yeah so it i had a incident down there where it actually turned into a shoot out . but i am okay . eos
bos i know like i said i did some entertainment before so . at clubs i am more outgoing . in social events more shy . eos
bos haha . meditate . eos
bos you know . physical altercations or going to jail . and so yeah i am very good at . controlling my emotions . my temper . eos
bos and she wanted to do it anyway so . that led to a argument and the argument ended in us breaking up so yeah . eos
bos but . i am fifty five and it is not my first break up so . i just take it in stride and move on . eos
bos and more irrational so i could have handled that one better yes . eos
bos what the way i broke the way i handled that situation ? eos
bos not being able to communicate . with another person on the level of . of . understanding . eos
bos haha . hmm . leaving home . eos
bos that was like one of the hardest decisions i have had to make . eos
bos christmas cards thanksgiving cards you know and in that factor but as far as . family it is . it is . it is sketchy . eos
bos no one . eos
bos i will not go into detail on it but a incident where . it caused great bodily harm to a person . eos
bos it is keeping me pretty sedated right now . eos
bos irritable . eos
bos against me and trying to block everything that i am doing to succeed and that is been a great disturbance to me . eos
bos or vengeful at any one person or any one thing too long because it does not accomplish anything so i have to keep pushing . eos
bos just keep my thoughts th i keep my ideas that i need to do . and try to accomplish what i need to accomplish . eos
bos post hmm traumatic stress . no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos back in . oh nine . two thousand nine . eos
bos suspiciousness of other people . so what . and i was recommended . and referred to a medical . mental health facility . for treatment . eos
bos off and on yes when i feel depressed and feel anxiety building up in me yes i still have treatment . eos
bos i normally do not express . and i can like . blow off steam or . blow off . the anxiety part of my depression . eos
bos and then that turned around within two weeks but at that point in time . when that happened i was really happy . eos
bos enlightened in a lot of life's problems so . my friends would describe me as helpful . eos
bos probably . education more education . eos
bos not raising my sons . eos
bos they took on the new husband's name . and i was not able to raise them like i would have wanted them raised . eos
bos patience more patience . being more . acceptable of other ideas and other people's opinions . eos
bos hmm . there is nothing . eos
bos basically at home . watching movies to myself . i am a loner . eos
bos my sons . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos see you later . do i push the button now . eos
bos good . eos
bos indiana . eos
bos the weather i like the weather . eos
bos never . eos
bos did not wanna get back into the old groove ? eos
bos i took some time took a long time took a few years . yeah . eos
bos it does not get very cold . i am more comfortable with the environment . than the midwest . eos
bos the smog the crowds . the dirt . hmm . the hustle . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos no . no i have not for a while . eos
bos money takes . takes a lot of money or credit cards . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos just the basics i did not go very long sigh just . eos
bos dream drea . my dream job is . some developing land . yeah . eos
bos building high-rise buildings . eos
bos probably in the middle . eos
bos well i am not real shy and i am not really outgoing . so i would say fifty . eos
bos i usually walk around the neighborhood or . listen to music . eos
bos sigh above average . eos
bos eh i think it was about very little i do not remember the exact time but it is it was something very little . eos
bos xxx . ba just . instead of getting angry just ignoring people ignoring them . eos
bos hmm . sigh guess it is fifty . sometimes . eos
bos what do i feel guilty about ? makes sound with mouth cannot think of anything right now sigh eos
bos sigh what could i erase . let us see . a career choice that i made years ago . eos
bos i got into the transportation business . eos
bos i went to school and then got employed . and then i stayed with it for a few years . eos
bos dream job is developing land construction . high-rise building . eos
bos hardest decision decisi you ever had to make . hmm . cannot think of one . eos
bos not much of one to speak of . it is kinda distant . eos
bos hmm yeah we do not we talk . couple times a year that is about it . eos
bos sniffle . not many people haha . eos
bos hmm . good night's sleep yeah i would say . eh it is off and on . eos
bos tired . eos
bos kind of . hmm . ouch . kinda like . sigh . here and there looking searching . eos
bos yeah looking for a job looking for employment emplo employment . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos not too much no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos oh i had a dream a few days d weeks ago a few days ago and i was really happy in the dream . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i do not remember the dream it was . makes sound with mouth . not sure what it was about . eos
bos deep breath . sigh do not do too much go to the library . park . not too much . eos
bos yeah sigh . eos
bos i do not have any . eos
bos best qualities good listener . eos
bos hmm . my penis size . eos
bos hmm do not remember . eos
bos yeah there is sigh there is a few things yep . eos
bos i regret . makes sound with mouth . what do i regret . cannot think of anything in particular . there is probably a list somewhere . eos
bos to . to meditate more . eos
bos smelly people . eos
bos they stink . eos
bos music . comedies . eos
bos funny movies . eos
bos hmm . really enjoyed . wow has not been too much of that . listen to music . mostly . eos
bos yesterday . eos
bos very little . eos
bos i am doing very well today . eos
bos i feel good today . eos
bos born in indiana . eos
bos hmm . grew up in bloomington . eos
bos i moved to la for a job working with the cdc . eos
bos i have only been back twice in the past twenty years . eos
bos my family is not there anymore . i went back for high school reunions . eos
bos i rode my bicycle everywhere . and here it is a little . more . cement and traffic . eos
bos i still go up to the mountains i go camping all the time . so i love it . eos
bos always opportunities . eos
bos traveled all through europe . and i used to go to canada often . i would love to get to asia one of these days . eos
bos on the world . and different people's outlook on the world . and because america tends to become isolated . eos
bos you know all my life . so to be there . and experience that was phenomenal . eos
bos philosophy . i have my degree in philosophy . i minored in art . eos
bos but that kind of fell apart and that is actually how i . ended up joining the peace corps haha so it all worked out . eos
bos i am sorry . eos
bos yeah hmm . eos
bos okay i am sorry . it is still going . sorry i turned off the phone but i forgot to turn off the alarm . eos
bos that should go . okay what i am sorry what was your question . eos
bos but i do not really wanna do the hollywood thing . tisk but writing and teaching . and traveling if i could do that overseas . eos
bos so . eos
bos outgoing . should i turn off my alarm haha it keeps going haha here oh i cannot move okay i cannot get to my purse . eos
bos i am terribly sorry about that haha okay haha . haha . sorry for the interruption . eos
bos and gather my thoughts . i like to read . and or sometimes i walk or i will take my dog for a walk . eos
bos at my house . and i am feeling very underappreciated . i will . have a . burst of anger . eos
bos and then that escalates and . sometimes i just end up walking out the door . or going to my room . eos
bos hmm . i am sorry . eos
bos i can come back relaxed . and deal with the situation . in a . more . calm manner . eos
bos and go take some deep breaths . and then really try and figure out what i am feeling . eos
bos why i am being angry why am i being ? so tense and then be able to verbalize that eos
bos pay attention to what i was saying it actually made a dent in my stove haha which is still there . eos
bos so that i should have . walked out sooner and taken my deep breaths before i did that . eos
bos and my friend suggested that we raise the child together . even suggested moving to costa rica to raise the child together . eos
bos more common sense and practicality . but i do not regret that decision . i think i made a good decision . eos
bos to marry my husband and . raise our child haha . eos
bos they see just once a week at church basically . and they text each other constantly . she is a very typical fifteen year old . eos
bos so he has a membership there so he goes over there and rock climbs almost on a daily basis . eos
bos i mean she was at the house but . really had no interaction with her so i really did not have . parenting skills . eos
bos a lot of times i and we do a lot of things . but it is not a warm fuzzy cozy kind of thing . eos
bos calmer and more patient . i think my patience is what . i need to work on the most . eos
bos and things of that sort but i will try to go back to sleep . eos
bos because i planned on working on my garden . eos
bos so i feel more positive i feel more energy . eos
bos so . no . eos
bos no . eos
bos we sat around telling stories and around the camp fire and making s'mores and things like that and those kind of times make me very happy . eos
bos and then sometimes she just calls me to run things by . or just like to complain about because i am sympathetic . eos
bos and i do not need to give her any advice so . i think a good listener and . good advice giver . eos
bos which sounds a little strange but . i am working on that . i am trying to get those done . eos
bos because then i would have a have had a much more fulfilling and rewarding and . solid career . eos
bos the . egotistical . reactions that i had . to the bosses and concentrate on the job and doing that really well . eos
bos so that is . that was . one of my prouder . experiences . eos
bos okay . thank you . eos
bos i feel great . eos
bos i am from los angeles california . eos
bos the weather . eos
bos the opportunity . and the ocean . eos
bos it is overcrowded . overpriced . and somewhat dirty . eos
bos i have . eos
bos well it is nice to see other places in the world and to meet other people and cultures . eos
bos i worked on cruise ships as a musical entertainer . and traveled to alaska the aleutian islands . korea japan . and the caribbean islands . eos
bos being in galena alaska and being on a small airplane . and traveling in a snow storm . and surviving . eos
bos like i was on the edge of death and life but i lived . eos
bos the arts and business . eos
bos i do not know i was attracted to the arts at a young age . and business went along with it . eos
bos yes . eos
bos yes . eos
bos to be able to entertain people and make them feel emotions and make enough money to have a comfortable life . eos
bos more outgoing . eos
bos i always feel fee i feel very confident with my thoughts . and i like people to know what i have to say . eos
bos i listen to music . and i sit with my girlfriend . and she calms me down when i am stressed out . eos
bos i could work on that i am not very good at that . eos
bos but i was irritated that i was being told to quiet down when i did not really wanna help i just wanted to relax . eos
bos haha i agree . eos
bos and look at the bright side of everything no matter how bad things get always look at the bright side that is my goal . eos
bos it is been very difficult but i am working on it and it seems to be getting a little easier . eos
bos and i let her think that everything was okay . eos
bos it was . eos
bos is what plagues me the most in my dreams and in my thoughts if i could erase that if that never happened i would feel better . eos
bos be grateful i am alive and try to focus on my own objectives . and not dwell on the negative things of my memory . eos
bos my girlfriend she is a very good positive po positive influence she wants me to be a better person . eos
bos what she is asking for is something that is gonna make me improve therefore i must capitulate . eos
bos i sleep well . sometimes i wake up when i have nightmares about my mother or something but i go back to sleep . eos
bos that is unknown i do not know . it just happens . eos
bos eh the my reality is i have been hit with a lot of financial . problems but i am handling ha handling them well actually . eos
bos at it as my girlfriend has told me that i need to do this so therefore it is on the forefront of my mind right now . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos it gives me a sense of accomplishment and happiness . eos
bos healthy hea going out to a nice dinner of healthy food and maybe exercising and feeling good with my body and mind and spirit . eos
bos probably . as a strong-willed person with a big heart . but has a short fuse and . maybe complains about his own life too much . eos
bos i wish i could not complain about negative things that happen and learn to roll with the punches and always look at the bright side . eos
bos and i did not know if it was from jealousy or it was an honest opinion opi evaluation so therefore i felt bad about that . eos
bos as it is my goal . eos
bos no nothing i regret . i felt . eos
bos hmm ten or twenty years ago . i do not know . eos
bos i do not know . how to put one above the other . eos
bos my fair chance at opportunity it is very frustrating eos
bos or something so i do not wanna be that way around her so therefore that i am guilty . eos
bos i am very proud of those . eos
bos okay thank you . eos
bos i am wonderful how are you . eos
bos california . eos
bos hmm yes . eos
bos the weather is one of 'em . the food . and the way everything is centrally located . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos the traffic . the smog . and . it is just gotten really overcrowded . eos
bos i would not say a lot but i do try to . travel . at least . once or twice every two years . eos
bos you get a sense of . you know feedback from different cultures and different areas so i like that . eos
bos and you just kinda party and hang out and meet new people it was really fun . eos
bos well from that trip i would say . swimming in the beautiful . beautiful ! beautiful ! miami beach waters was wonderful . eos
bos yeah it was . eos
bos child development . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i started taking classes and the rest is history . eos
bos i am yes it is been . fifteen years in august . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos my dream job . i would say . to become a principal . eos
bos so that i can make that happen . because it is a dream of mine yeah thank you . eos
bos so it is something that i am willing to . i am willing to do . eos
bos and outgoing as well . but i think a little bit of both i would say . eos
bos haha . i meditate . i am a big meditator so i love meditating . i love just reading and just having nice quiet peaceful time . eos
bos and it really allows you to de-stress and to control anxiety and anger . and things of that nature yeah that helps me a lot . eos
bos i totally tune out and that is actually what happened so . yeah that was it . eos
bos it was a little bit of all those emotions at one time . eos
bos you know kind of mastered . my responses . to certain . stimuli . i have kinda got that down . eos
bos that i think was the hardest decision . i had to make . eos
bos i love him he is just a blessing he is just a blessing and i feel very special to be his mom . eos
bos i do yeah . eos
bos become a productive citizen and go out into society and . just start making their way and it is really rewarding it really is . eos
bos kind of . the way that they develop you know and it is really important so . eos
bos i am different in a lot of ways in that rite . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos and other times i can go to sleep and it might take awhile to actually fall asleep so . it varies . eos
bos other than that i have been feeling really good . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos are going through so many situations that are really disheartening . and that is not me so . i feel really blessed . every day . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos as . nurturing patient loving . friendly . kind of reserved . eos
bos and also i would be a little bit more outgoing and less of an introvert . eos
bos so i would not change anything because i am happy with the person that i am today . eos
bos even before your career i really would have told myself . to stay focused and to . get a great education . eos
bos i am proud of the job that i have done and i am . i really applaud myself for that . eos
bos you are welcome you were wonderful thank you . eos
bos i am feeling great it is an early morning i do not have school . eos
bos i am excited haha . eos
bos born and raised in los angeles california . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos the fact that you can surf snowboard and like . do two drastically different things in one day . eos
bos lower socio economic backgrounds it is like a cesspool almost for young african americans and it sucks . eos
bos not really i have been to new york connecticut mexico and texas but . pretty young . eos
bos hmm haha . eos
bos mostly if i am traveling by plane just the sight and the air is amazing it is remarkable . eos
bos the first thing i remember doing was getting a slice of new york pizza . eos
bos it was delicious haha . eos
bos yep haha . eos
bos scrubbedentry . graduating with a bachelor's degree in communications . so i can go into the military as an officer . eos
bos and that is the only thing that is just fallen into place and it seems like it is going to fall into place for me . eos
bos hmm to be honest a job that does not exist haha it is . however you can get paid to do nothing haha . eos
bos yeah . but . probably . eos
bos i was just definitely shy as a kid but i have grown into myself through the experience of college so i am way more outspoken . eos
bos i write music and i work out mostly so if i am feeling stressed out i just do a set of push ups and lift some weights . eos
bos decide to like just bottle the my emotions in instead of letting them out in their appropriate outlets . eos
bos not really it is been more of an interpersonal thing that is . i do not know . eos
bos probably yesterday something in regards to sports the playoffs are on so things like that of that nature . eos
bos so it sucks but . hey . eos
bos that is an intriguing question sigh . i have actually no clue . eos
bos the death of my grandmother . eos
bos it is gonna be seven years this may next on the thirtieth . and i have grown quite a bit no more tears . eos
bos as much as i can and my foster family they are awesome i have known them since i was five so it is been pretty cool . eos
bos fairly easy i fall asleep pretty quick it is not a problem except for when my back's hurting you know then it is a problem . eos
bos hmm tisk a little moody in the morning i guess i drive more aggressively haha . eos
bos care of but i should not stress because i either can do something about it or i cannot and that is just the way things work . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos to anyone because there is nothing anybody can do for me really . so i just bottle it up like i do . everything . eos
bos not very after doing it for so long it becomes a natural thing i believe . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos seems like . eos
bos and i have been working on it for a while and i finally got up laugher yeah . eos
bos and i do not know studious hardworking . determined . hmm i do not know . eos
bos haha yeah haha . eos
bos hmm probably my metabolism which i do not really have control over is i do not know i am pretty content with myself . eos
bos and down . eos
bos getting the discipline to be where i am at now in college and stuff so he is been pretty influential . eos
bos and then his jeep would not get over a rock so it was pretty . eos
bos that was thousands of pounds did not work . eos
bos desert but it was a fun time i got to drive in the desert when i did not have my license so it was fun yeah . eos
bos about that day or in general . eos
bos hmm . other than like the uc thing like where i did not apply to the schools in time . i regret that . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos sigh . i have no clue . that is an interesting question . eos
bos so yes it is pretty in . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos no problem . eos
bos doing pretty good . eos
bos and i have been here ever since i do not consider myself anything but a . californian haha . eos
bos i am a welder . eos
bos intrigued me and . i was actually pretty good at it so i stuck with it and that is my profession . eos
bos sigh kind of always hoped that i would have a job that could support myself and my family and . i was satisfied with that . eos
bos i have been depressed about that and . but i am doing better . eos
bos kinda reserved . but . if i am comfortable . and . i feel like i fit in well i am outgoing . eos
bos from back then people were different than they . i do not know it is just a different era and i enjoy it . eos
bos but . i am working on it and . i have basically had this problem ever since i was a young child . eos
bos oh yes haha . eos
bos i do not regret things that i have done but if i could go back i definitely would make different choices . eos
bos it is just her and me and there is nobody else more important to me . eos
bos i . you know ran where . people thought i was cool and that got me into trouble . eos
bos but as i said i am getting over it and . things are getting better slowly . eos
bos clears throat we just enjoy each other's company and she . like i say knows me better than anybody and it surprises me sometimes . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos you know for me i am . it does not affect me . eos
bos but sniff . i am content . eos
bos so well i am going back in a year and we will see if i am any better . eos
bos i am sorry . eos
bos i am not understanding you i am sorry . eos
bos how h ? no i have not eos
bos yes . eos
bos two thousand one . eos
bos worrying and thinking too much about things and . thinking the worst and . i take medication for that . eos
bos i would do something the medication works for me . eos
bos i am not . i am not disappointed or i am not wanting anything i am you know whatever comes my way is fine so . eos
bos haha that i was gonna hang her or something you know because that was my this was you know that was my baby . eos
bos you know it gets crashed and it is like you do not care . so . that is the only way i can explain it . eos
bos i you know it is just not healthy the size sigh . eos
bos face that . situation and sniff i will never forget it but . they say time heals all wounds and it does haha . eos
bos i do not miss them but if i could go back ten or twenty years i definitely would not make some of the decisions that i made eos
bos i wish i had a pocket of money and i would have somebody else to it that is how i feel haha . eos
bos okay . eos
bos well thank you . eos
bos i am good thank you . eos
bos haha . eos
bos originally from los angeles and my parents are from central america . eos
bos yes . eos
bos can get to the water if i want to the hills or hike or just any element that i wanna get to i can get to . eos
bos traffic haha busyness everybody's always in a hurry . that is about it . eos
bos go to warm places like mexico or somewhere on the caribbean . eos
bos i am at home and if i am too far away from home to do it then i do not have anything to worry about haha . eos
bos and not feel like i am obligated to being with them so it is more fun that way . eos
bos experiences on vacation or . eos
bos no matter what i do to my pork it will never taste like that pork in lahaina haha . eos
bos so i have enjoyed i my business background did help me in the marketing field . eos
bos as a job and still have the fun and the joy that i have in cooking every day now then that would be my dream job . eos
bos i am outgoing . eos
bos what i cannot control and then proceed from there but just sort of just kinda deep breath sigh breathe and get a hold of myself first . eos
bos be who you are and just stay there . eos
bos is how i feel about it i am not asking you to make me feel any differently i am just asking you to acknowledge my feelings . eos
bos overshadow my feelings with his logic and so i said no as long as i felt better because i he i felt undestood and i felt heard eos
bos i would have killed the expectation in him for me to contour to him if that makes sense . eos
bos so as long as we have that clear line of communication whatever else is going on falls under that category of respect . eos
bos whatever that personal downfall is just kinda being there and not having an i told you so spirit on me . eos
bos being able to allow them be who they are and just celebrate them as they are so i am enjoying that . eos
bos so i had to kinda figure it out on my own when it came to being a parent . eos
bos but it was hard because i knew it was gonna affect my kids and they were the only thing i was concerned about . eos
bos order to in order for me to love my children and then in order for me to get the love that i should get in return . eos
bos haha . eos
bos go back and rectify it or at least learn from that and just not make that same mistake in another day . eos
bos very simplistic lifestyle that i just kinda foster on my own every day and i just enjoy my little mini accomplishments whether anyone sees them or not eos
bos haha . eos
bos no i have not thank god . eos
bos no . eos
bos a very tame moment only she and i kinda knew about it but it just it gave just a happiness that nothing else could ever give me eos
bos haha . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos and i just you know i do not . i do not deal with b s haha . eos
bos wanna do something else i think i would just be more observant and aware of those around me to make sure i am not offending anybody . eos
bos am supposed to take from it and take that into my future so i am to take the you know the hard knocks with the joys . eos
bos terms of my family life i would have just been more true to myself and that way i would not have had any kind of resentments . eos
bos i think that ultimately that is where my true fulfillment comes from . eos
bos haha . cool ! eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i am doing well reasonably well . eos
bos i am from santa monica california . eos
bos born and raised . eos
bos i love . you can have a little bit of every world . here . the ocean the sea the desert . eos
bos the weather's great . i get to wear shorts a lot of times out of the year . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos the smog sigh the cement . road rage . traffic . it is a lonely town . eos
bos i have not seen your shoes . well i have not seen your shoes . but i have traveled yes . eos
bos the temperature of the water . different foods . the airports . i love traveling . eos
bos yeah and i got to see family and . it was very nice . eos
bos yes . it was . eos
bos outgoing . eos
bos i am gregarious . i do well in crowds and groups . i am a good public speaker . yeah . i am not so shy . eos
bos i do not think . eos
bos i go fishing . eos
bos two days ago . eos
bos i also meditate med . eos
bos i also meditate . how do i feel in that moment relaxed . at peace . calm . eos
bos depends on the situation . eos
bos accepting the situation as it was and . not really xxx wanting to deal with it sort of like fuck you . eos
bos haha no it was good . eos
bos i could have handled it in a much different way . eos
bos fear . eos
bos embarrassed you know for . running out of money . sigh . yeah i would have handled that much different knowing what i know today . eos
bos it was . eos
bos reduced my expenses . and . sat tight with it and not and just worked through it and not . have reacted out of fear . eos
bos xxx when . eos
bos i got my bachelor's degree in political science from ucla and i just finished a master's degree in education . scrubbedentry . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos my dream job . my dream job . is . to not work that is my dream job haha . eos
bos being with my nephews being with kids . yeah and not having to work . eos
bos and she lives in northern california and we never talk . eos
bos her sister and . my . my grandmother's daughter and grandkids and great-grandkids got zero . and it was a few f few million dollars . eos
bos hmm so we do not talk . eos
bos i do not talk we do not talk . and it is sad . eos
bos xxx excuse me can you repeat that . eos
bos often . and some of the little things that she would said to me . keep me going sigh in my life now . eos
bos you know just trust the process it all works out the way it is supposed to be . eos
bos how to enjoy nature and taught me how to fish and . and i love her a lot a great positive influence . eos
bos healthy influence . eos
bos it is not . eos
bos stretching and . straightening out my back i have a back issue that sometimes more often than not . keeps me from sleeping good . eos
bos that is okay i am dealing with it . eos
bos my business that i sold and . you know where i would have been if i had not have done that and . eos
bos a general feeling of . i have been a little depressed over the past couple of years actually . eos
bos yes . eos
bos you know so i take medication for my depression . eos
bos therapy absolutely . i love therapy . eos
bos go to the i feel that i cannot go to the person with . eos
bos big issue or i worked through it or the therapist through the therapist allowed me to look at a different way of looking at the situation . eos
bos and in that way i find therapy to be . invaluable actually . eos
bos i believe so . yes i was . eos
bos looking back now . what are we two thousand thirteen it was two thousand nine . so four years ago . eos
bos psychiatry and therapist and medication . i was able to come out of my shell a little bit . eos
bos and i felt content i was happy at that moment at that . moment . that time about a week ago . eos
bos hmm . honest sincere . smart . caring . sniffle . smart . eos
bos sigh . good question . i would have to think about that . eos
bos yeah . i mean . just here that is what i would say . eos
bos so sometimes you just have to sit in fear and then . everything works out . eos
bos to the world wor to the world you know for the world i have not changed i have stayed . hmm who i am . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos okay . eos
bos i am from california . eos
bos it is sun there is sunshine s sunshine . weather . eos
bos hmm . what do you like about la . haha . eos
bos what do haha ? i like sniff i just said i like li like the weather eos
bos the traffic . eos
bos no . eos
bos i do not have the means . eos
bos i studied . liberal art a . i studied . film . eos
bos because i live in los angeles . eos
bos not really . eos
bos i want to become a . haha . i do not care ca i do not know . i do not wanna tell you . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos okay . eos
bos i am very outgoing . eos
bos because . because . are you outgoing . haha . eos
bos sit down . sleep . eos
bos i think about it and then i stop . eos
bos it is easy . eos
bos i do not remember . eos
bos prepare or . do not . think about . stuff the last minute do things before . get things done . sigh context it okay . eos
bos what is your name ? haha eos
bos oh i forgot okay . eos
bos i do not understand that question . can you elaborate . give me an example . eos
bos sigh . eos
bos that is a good question . eos
bos can i ask you a question ? eos
bos it is okay you just sleep . it is easy . you just close your eyes . eos
bos what ? eos
bos tired . i am tired . eos
bos sigh . good . eos
bos no . haha . i do not know what that is . can you explain ex . no . eos
bos right now i feel really happy . eos
bos and then all of a sudden i made a left turn and a car hit me . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos it was very hard . because now i have no money because i paid off . i had to pay for it to get damaged repaired . eos
bos cope with who . cope with that . eos
bos ten t ten te okay ten years ago because i was okay . i would say . do good in school . eos
bos i thought school was too way too easy so i slacked off . eos
bos haha . eos
bos meeting you . eos
bos funny . hmm . like long term or short term . eos
bos haha . i wanna . hmm . i do not know i have to write down i have to plan that out . eos
bos hmm that is personal question . eos
bos haha . watching movies and . and books . eos
bos books dvds going out to . the library . eos
bos hmm . events . discovering new places that i have not been to before . eos
bos i went to a party and met some new friends . eos
bos yes . who is not happy when they have meet new friends and go to a party haha . right . eos
bos oh okay when . eos
bos haha . when was what the last time . what wh . what . eos
bos staring at you . in the eyes . haha . eos
bos i have a question . eos
bos i am doing good . eos
bos los angeles . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos convenience . convenience . eos
bos people the crowd . traffic . eos
bos people not respecting re eh lack of respect . eos
bos huh . eos
bos haha . locally regionally . eos
bos meeting old people haha i love talking to old people . eos
bos so i get to hear good stories . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos yeah that was the most beautiful thing i think i found . eos
bos hmm . hmm haha . eos
bos but if i need help it is eh i work at asking for help so . it depends on the situation . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i garden . and i paint . eos
bos hmm i am very good at it . eos
bos they did not communicate so we had an argument . and got it settled haha . eos
bos you know i was kept out i did not like that . eos
bos  eos
bos hmm i would rather pass haha . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos probably the lack of time spent with my grandparents . growing up . eos
bos it is just when they are gone you regret that you did not miss time with spent time with them . so . eos
bos and . that is one thing i truly regret . i was a professional fighter so . eos
bos yeah sigh like not party thought about other people besides myself . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i studied massage therapy and got my nursing degree . and a lot of it is just been on job education . eos
bos very close . eos
bos and i decided to do that i wanted to help people too . eos
bos yeah . oh yeah . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i wanna paint . that is all i wanna do is just paint haha . eos
bos and they can take care of themselves now . so me leaving the area where my sons are . it is pretty hard . eos
bos yeah . oh . eos
bos the reflection of you haha the reflection of you . reminds you so much about yourself . who you are . eos
bos consistency . even when you are sick haha being consistent . eos
bos because that is the only way we get along with each other is through communication . eos
bos so communicate . eos
bos the rest of the family we are all fragmented and scattered around the southwest so it is not very tight at all . eos
bos i have too many to count . start with my uncle was like my dad raised me a good way . xxx . eos
bos he also taught me to protect my family . and taught me honor . taught me love . he is a good man . eos
bos hmm i do not i have not had a good night's sleep in years so i have get broken sleep . eos
bos dreams the dreams become too real . eos
bos i get up and go to the bathroom haha and go back to sleep haha i try to haha . eos
bos sigh . my years of fighting it just it caught up to me . eos
bos xxx . reserved . yeah . reserved and i try to find things to distract my brain i think of different ways of doing things . eos
bos  eos
bos or cleaning house washing dishes . you know or get out and go walk that is another thing too do a lot of walking nowadays . eos
bos anxiety anxi anxious sigh a lot of anxieties . but it is good i have techniques to bring myself down now . eos
bos nothing new . out of the normal . eos
bos yes . eos
bos three years ago sigh around there three sigh . eos
bos insomnia issues . eos
bos it was about . two years ago around there . two little bit over two years ago i was released from therapy . eos
bos oh the therapist released me . eos
bos and yeah so therapy has helped a lot i mean it is just it is changed my world . eos
bos yes . eos
bos around the same time as the ptsd . three years ago . eos
bos sigh in my dreams when i dream i do . eos
bos last night . eos
bos and so it builds anxiety and stress in me and then i tend to act out in my sleep . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos like it was real like i was there . like i smell taste feel everything there i was there . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos this morning . haha driving here . talking to my girlfriend . eos
bos this hmm . eos
bos trustworthy . he loves me i love him . he is we are best friends . eos
bos i have zero to change . eos
bos hmm . i cannot recall . eos
bos to day issues maybe you know a couple here there that i should have went to the store first or something like that but i mean . eos
bos yeah it is nothing like that xxx . eos
bos quit thinking you know it all . yeah . eos
bos my loyalty . my trustworthiness . eos
bos hmm start a new art project yesterday . it was nice . eos
bos and now potentially it will be sitting on my grandkid's table you know it is just to me that is really cool i like that . eos
bos i these are the things that i am proud of like . i like that . accomplishment i guess you can say . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos great and yourself . eos
bos houston texas . eos
bos when i was very young ? eos
bos every few years . eos
bos it is a little bit slower . eos
bos my parents brought me as a child . eos
bos the weather . eos
bos there is disconnect at times . eos
bos people are just kind of you know some people are warm and friendly and other people are not it is kind of interesting . eos
bos yes . eos
bos hmm different people cultures experiences . eos
bos pick a place . eos
bos greece the west indies . eos
bos west indies very laid back very relaxed . kind of easy flowing . great weather great water . eos
bos very nice . greece lots of culture . lots of the past . very interesting . eos
bos birth of children . eos
bos i have a six-year-old . and we have a set of twins . boys all boys . eos
bos hmm not always challenging sometimes . eos
bos i think you know the kids are different they have different needs . eos
bos you know . hmm loving lots of unconditional love . eos
bos i think i . travel along the same lines i give my children lots of choices and i have lots let them have input on what happens . eos
bos psychology . eos
bos was gonna go down another path i was gonna work with the youth in the system for children ? eos
bos no . eos
bos there are lots of there is xxx lots of things that i would like to do . eos
bos from a philanthropist point of view i would like to do . that would be my dream job . eos
bos mostly serving children that are undeserved un undeserved unde in undeserved areas . giving some outlets and different things that can improve their life . eos
bos and i do not have the flexibility just to spend all my time doing that so . eos
bos outgoing . eos
bos just not shy just have one of those kinda personalities . very outspoken . eos
bos hang out in the backyard lie on the hammock . read . eos
bos pretty good . eos
bos my sister . on saturday . eos
bos oh what was it about . about i do not know silly about parking cars in a certain a place . eos
bos frustrated . eos
bos hmm . i probably could have handled that situation a little bit differently . eos
bos could have been a little bit more giving givi ? could have been a little bit more giving i guess not so stubborn eos
bos i think the hardest decision i have had to make of recent would . be turning off life support system to an uncle . eos
bos hmm thank you y . eos
bos hmm there was nothing else that could be done for him . eos
bos an accident that i had a car accident . i have very little memory of it but it is still a car accident . eos
bos had to be cut out with the jaws of life it was xxx very difficult time . eos
bos it is good . we are happy . eos
bos very close . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos my mother my parents . older sibling . eos
bos my parents older sibling . just always there standing in the gap available for conversation we will talk things through . eos
bos pretty easy . eos
bos irritable . haha . eos
bos pretty good . pretty great . eos
bos i am getting up there in age so you know with a woman and perimenopausal stuff that is part of the sleep deprivation thing i think . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos this morning . eos
bos i feel happy now . eos
bos loving compassionate . strong-willed determined . eos
bos little bit more patience sometimes . eos
bos i would not say trouble no . eos
bos really badly about myself a fight with my best friend ? eos
bos about eight months ago . eos
bos saddened . eos
bos because i love her and i do not like to fight with her . eos
bos probably so . eos
bos could have been a little more understanding ? could not have spoken my mind eos
bos about that situation . eos
bos yeah i have regret . eos
bos about that situation or just in general . eos
bos to be always open very open-minded . eos
bos went to disneyland with the children for the weekend . eos
bos good thing . eos
bos music . kids . family friends . eos
bos kids . eos
bos very well . eos
bos ohio . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos finished school and came out to start my life . eos
bos not often now . not really often . eos
bos because my parents have both passed away and so that is my reason for that was my reason for going home . prior . eos
bos you know this is warm and . sunny . and that has four seasons so it is a very different environment . eos
bos i it took a minute . to get adjusted to the different culture . but after i was adjusted you know the sunshine keeps you here . eos
bos and so many things that i can choose from and the diversity that i find here . eos
bos so and i like me so that means that there is really nothing i do not like . eos
bos yes i do . eos
bos and at the same time to be able to find the commonality between . all types of people . it is a very rich experience . eos
bos which one ? to where eos
bos warm and loving experience i have the knowledge i get to pursue . through the exploring the temples and the pyramids etcetera things like that . eos
bos there . and . let us see . just the interaction of the people the food you know incredible i love the food too . eos
bos entertainment i have studied communications i have studied . whatever i want to quite a renaissance woman . eos
bos haha . haha . eos
bos and just allows me to be able to . be fully developed as a human being able to do that . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos desire to just be able to be free to do whatever it is that i choose . on a daily basis so . eos
bos probably more outgoing . hmm . eos
bos before i move around i get exercise . so that i keep everything humming everything moving . and then move forward from there . eos
bos excellent haha i do not really have one anymore . eos
bos do not know what it is about . i imagine that the last time i argued about something probably might be related to money . eos
bos needing them to be different i need to learn from them . or to just really accept what is . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos so i do not really have a . most difficult . decision i have ever made . eos
bos erase it again everything for me is a learning experience so there is nothing really to regret or erase . eos
bos very easy as soon as i hit the pillow i am out . eos
bos great a little more . physical exertion than normal . but still great . haha . eos
bos the spiritual practices that i perform on a daily basis that keep me pretty . even tempered . eos
bos no . eos
bos hmm . no . eos
bos for my life and i am just thankful for everything that comes into it . eos
bos very smart . very loving very intelligent . funny . outgoing . that is probably what my friends would say . eos
bos like i am okay with everything the way it is . really am . haha . eos
bos with the flow and go with the experiences of life in order to be able to learn how to move effortlessly through any situation that comes up eos
bos recently really enjoyed . cooked a very wonderful meal . because i love cooking . so that was something i really enjoyed . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos of everything that i have learned about people cultures . places and most importantly . you know . the god within me . eos
bos i am well thank you . eos
bos boston massachusetts . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i moved to la about a year after graduating college in two thousand and one . eos
bos quite often at least a couple times a year . eos
bos god i love both cities they are polar opposite in many ways but there is things about both of them that i love . eos
bos to pursue acting and writing . eos
bos it was different the social culture was different in a way where i from where i had grown up and it suited me better my personality . eos
bos i like that it is there is always something to do no matter what day of the week it is . eos
bos i miss my family i feel like it is very crowded here but yet it is very easy to feel eh sort of isolated alone here ? eos
bos hmm . eos
bos hmm eh florida where my parents live but i do i enjoy traveling and take a lot of trips within california and around here . eos
bos oh just to have an adventure do something fun or if i am going home it means i am gonna see my family . eos
bos la and las vegas and that was kind of how i realized i wanted to move here so that was very that was a big one . eos
bos in general . just . eos
bos it was big monumental . eos
bos i felt powerful and excited and just open to whatever . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos studied communications got a lots of every lot of different writing styles i eventually graduated with a concentration in public relations and a english minor . eos
bos writing to pursue writing . eos
bos writer well i guess you could say writer slash actress which is but i guess writing is first . eos
bos happen so it is very hard because i do not possess that naturally in my personality i do but not as much as i need to . eos
bos i would say outgoing on in general . eos
bos just your basic deep breaths and just sort of take a minute to . to come back to a calm neutral place . eos
bos have a temper too often but when i do and i lose my cool i have a hard time controlling it . eos
bos yes . eos
bos no . haha hmm . eos
bos this is stupid we do not need to be fighting about this so it kind of ended quickly . eos
bos it did not need to be i wish that i had just walked away from it . eos
bos hmm . i do not know if i could have avoided the complete situation but i definitely could have . made the outcome much less . chaotic . eos
bos you know you are not always gonna . feel great gr every decision's not always gonna be easy and feel good . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i was kinda forced to this issue just what was going on in life was sort of you cannot ignore those signs just . yeah . eos
bos in sort of a public place and i got in trouble for it i wish i could erase that . eos
bos i could not ask for a better family they are . the ideal . eos
bos i feel like i am a good mix of both of them . eos
bos come to recognize the importance of it and it is been pretty easy . eos
bos just sweat more just feel . feel just a little off . eos
bos i have been feeling pretty good lately . eos
bos hmm not really just . trying to be more focused clears throat . get things done . eos
bos you know being around people that are doing what i wanna do and just carrying it over to my own life . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos that is why i went down there to see her so it was just awesome i am always happy when i see her . eos
bos they know that i am there if they need them always . eos
bos my drive being more driven and just getting things done . eos
bos i am dumbing myself down and that yeah it was terrible . eos
bos yes i regret not listening to my gut instincts . eos
bos do not second-guess yourself ? eos
bos and i . i start every day with a blank slate . eos
bos i did some acting work on a series with a really great group of people and it was a very cool creative experience very inspiring . eos
bos probably coming out to la on my own without knowing anybody and staying here and pursuing what i wanna do . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos spectacular . this is an interesting experiment . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i am from middle of nowhere iowa . eos
bos sigh . may second of two thousand seven . so exactly five years six years ago . eos
bos infrequently like once every couple years . eos
bos the weather exists so it is more extreme . and then it is . rather less . exciting . a lot less colorful . eos
bos winter in minnesota haha . eos
bos it took approximately . the drive in that is about all it took the lights . the lights took care of the rest . eos
bos there is so many different kinds of culture jammed all together and that if you look hard enough you can find anything you really want here . eos
bos oh you know . the traffic sigh . the exceedingly high cost of living . yeah those are my big beefs . eos
bos not nearly as much as i would like to . i have done a little bit . eos
bos deal with people to . deal with situations in ways that i normally would not have to . eos
bos after san marcos i went back to iowa for a bunch of family stuff and then i brought my little brother to los angeles . eos
bos haha . eos
bos but . our group of friends . is so unusual that a normal sunday for us is extreme for everyone else . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i used to be an introvert but definitely an extrovert the last few years thank you los angeles . eos
bos it was easy to be social it . drew me to be social extroverted even outgoing . bombastic for the first time and it stuck . eos
bos i do all sorts of stuff . it . usually i try to enlist my friends to help me do an art project . eos
bos what temper haha ? eos
bos scrubbedentry . eos
bos haha panicked because i really wanted to make him not hate me . and i mostly failed . eos
bos hard on him . i mostly got by with . a couple of scrapes on my ego . eos
bos managed to take a whole bunch of words to the side of the head and fall over a trash can it was not my most graceful moment eos
bos i feel guilty about lots of stuff . i feel guilty about eating more often than anything else . eos
bos because i really love junk food it is really good i have very little food willpower because i used to be a fat guy . eos
bos but . it was not even that hard because it pushed me to do it so . it is a tricky question madam . eos
bos oh you know broken collarbone . severe pain get surgery on it all seemed like it made sense at the time . eos
bos i have lived a spoiled blessed life and if i changed anything then it would not be the same universe i like this universe . eos
bos haha . eos
bos since most of the rest of them live so far away do not really have to deal with them too much relationship is positive and sparce . eos
bos jackrabbit is been a pretty positive influence on me lately . she is a magical creature . eos
bos she does this all . without wanting anything in return . i do not know that is . sigh smitten haha . eos
bos i know her through my . bicycle friends sigh . eos
bos so . i get to sleep . poorly but then i am a pro at it so it does not matter . eos
bos it my dark circles get slightly larger and i am pretty much the exact same dude because i have been doing it most of my life . eos
bos so stoked that i might as well be on fire . eos
bos so . as a fortunate and cough . vaguely aware being . eh it is my privilege to get to enjoy more time like this . eos
bos and i am feeling more and more inspired all the time . if i could just work on the motivation i would be set . eos
bos hmm not since you asked me on the form a little while ago no . eos
bos no i used to think i had it but who knows at this point that was awhile ago . eos
bos started having fun hmm and then that is yeah the rest is ancient history . eos
bos an art project that all my friends . helped and put on that is that was really nice it is a nice feeling . eos
bos haha . sigh . that is a very good question i am not actually sure i will ask him later today though . eos
bos enthusiastic . i am . thesauric . and i am . sigh . i am gonna have to say . highly analytical haha . eos
bos it would be nice if i could get my super powers back that would be pretty cool . eos
bos like turning on some of the fancier . finely tuned and delicate machinery that chinese medicine has clued me into inside myself . haha . eos
bos would probably be . sigh . you know i am not actually sure . haha . eos
bos oh all sorts of stuff but i am working on that . eos
bos clears throat . deep breath . do not masturbate so much haha . eos
bos jackrabbit . really bad puns and dessert . eos
bos haha . eos
bos no problem . eos
bos i am alright a little tired . eos
bos i live in culver city but originally i was i grew up in venice . eos
bos the beach . fast drivers . the city i have lived in utah i do not really like . anything else but the city . eos
bos i do not know many people who live here anymore . traffic . it is too big . but it is home . eos
bos haha . i have been out of the country a few times . eos
bos seeing new n clears throat . seeing new places . eos
bos and i was there for two weeks and that was the last time i have been there eos
bos in costa rica . eos
bos seeing my father for the first time in a few years was definitely a shocker . eos
bos joy i was happy excited kinda scared . eos
bos it was not my decision it was my mom's . she would planned the trip . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos so i moved back to la . eos
bos i do not really have a dream job i . would like to be self-employed though . eos
bos right now i am thinking about going to school to become a personal trainer but i am not really sure . eos
bos around new people i am very reserved but the people i do know i am a lot more outgoing and talkative . eos
bos i call my girlfriend if i wanna calm down . i also do . meditation . and self-hypnosis . i try . eos
bos it . depends on . what wha how i am feeling . or how upset i am or how calm i am trying to be . eos
bos if i am really upset it is a lot harder for me to calm down and . bring myself down through meditation or through self-hypnosis . but . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am alright at it sometimes i lose it . i yell when i lose my temper and . i have put holes in walls . eos
bos not . yet sigh . eos
bos it was . about me buying a . ticket last night for a greyhound . to go to utah . eos
bos a little bit of money and i needed to buy my ticket a week in advance and i did not want to do it last night . eos
bos that situation last night . i wish i had not blown up or . gotten as raged enraged as i can over the situation because it escalated . eos
bos i believe she views me as my father she believes that i . will not succeed at anything . eos
bos sad . eos
bos it is okay . eos
bos i wish . i could forget most of my high school years or my sophomore year . eos
bos i just did not like high school or my sophomore year . i . eos
bos getting sober and . going . into to . a drug rehab . eos
bos to different places and running away and not wanting to be in the places so i finally agreed to go to utah and try and get sober eos
bos scrubbedentry . eos
bos he used to use drugs with me and he is been sober for more than a year now . eos
bos almost impossible . eos
bos and i stopped smoking marijuana and so now i just i do not sleep . or have not been . the past few weeks . eos
bos yeah it is not fun . eos
bos i lay in bed until i finally fall asleep in the early morning . or i watch tv until late at night or netflix . eos
bos i am a lot more likely to my anger is a lot more likely to come out . eos
bos i have been alright this weekend is been better than most my girlfriend has stayed at my place the entire weekend so . i have been happy . eos
bos deep breath sigh . i do not . i am not as irritable . eos
bos no . but . eos
bos yes . eos
bos most recent time being less than a year ago . eos
bos my mom sought help for me she saw that i was unhappy and she became worried . eos
bos no . eos
bos i stopped in on june first when i graduated my drug rehab program . in utah . of last year . eos
bos i am learned coping skills . so i am able to . eos
bos or becoming depressed . eos
bos it can be . if the person's willing to change . and wanting it . eos
bos two days ago . eos
bos it was because i was with my girlfriend we were having a moment . and so i was just overwhelmed by the happiness i guess . eos
bos haha . eos
bos trustworthy . funny . shit i do not . outgoing smart athletic he would . yeah . eos
bos i wish i was just completely dependable on myself . eos
bos at me so he started hitting the dog and i do not that was probably the biggest thing xxx i was little i remember just being sad eos
bos yeah . everyone has something they regret . eos
bos deep breath sigh not to be so naive . eos
bos hmm . i went to hypnosis . i had a . an appointment for hypnosis a few days ago . eos
bos it was really relaxing really calming and i feel like it could help me . eos
bos one of my mom's colleagues . referred her to a . psychiatrist who is really good with adhd and patients like that . eos
bos haha . eos
bos most of the time i do not know if that is a negative quality or positive . i . i do not know . eos
bos out in fullerton or i will be in los angeles or the beach . eos
bos did very well in sports in high school and . that is really it . eos
bos k . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos los angeles . eos
bos i like the arts i like the weather . i like the people . eos
bos hmm . it is expensive smoggy . a lot of traffic . eos
bos no i do not . eos
bos well i like where i live i do not like to . leave my familiar surroundings . eos
bos i did not . i did not study anything . eos
bos enough to make enough money to survive . that would be a dream job . eos
bos somewhere in the middle . maybe shy . eos
bos hmm . i just try and . and just meditate . eos
bos it is not easy . eos
bos oh not real good at it but i do not get angry too often . eos
bos actually i think it has yes . eos
bos oh work situations where you get mad m angry with another employee and . hmm . you should be more cool and calm . eos
bos oh . several days day a few days ago it was about hmm . somebody's excessive drinking . and money . not my drinking some . eos
bos frustrated . person was not able to listen very easily . eos
bos well stuff that xxx dating back twenty years ago things in my marriage . maybe arguing or . being difficult . eos
bos sure i could have . i could have been more mindful in certain situations . eos
bos one of them was whether or not i was should . get married . when i was much younger . eos
bos i did not wanna disappoint my fiancee fi my girlfriend she wanted to get married so i did not wanna hurt her feelings . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i think i did that did not i . eos
bos very . i xxx i am . i think back in every situation where i do not think i handled myself properly . eos
bos she is doing very well also so my kids are come out very well i am very lucky that they are such good kids . eos
bos no . eos
bos being consistent . keeping your emotions in check . eos
bos well . unconditional love from your kids . that hmm . eos
bos and . i think i am a better parent . eos
bos i am close with my son my daughter not so close but somewhat . and that is all that is my entire family my two kids . eos
bos i have a sister too so i am not very close with her . eos
bos certain therapists i have had . eos
bos hmm they just . help me . with being . with being mindful with being less hard on myself . eos
bos it is difficult . eos
bos cannot fall asleep and when i do i wake up a lot . after an hour or two . eos
bos i looked it up on the internet it says old people do not really sleep very well . once you reach my age . eos
bos i do not know i feel i do not feel right i feel tired . depressed . not well rested . eos
bos been very anxious and stressed out somewhat sad . more than somewhat i have been sad lately . eos
bos always . eos
bos lately . eos
bos yeah i agree . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos hmm depression or sadness i would say yes . eos
bos well i do not know if it is a diagnosis i xxx thirty years ago xxx thirty five years ago . eos
bos wanting to improve my life wanting to be the best person i can be . wanting to be happy . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i do not know i do not know if it is useful or not sometimes i think it is sometimes i think it is not . eos
bos it is been a . a long time so i do not know what changes i can attribute to therapy or to myself . eos
bos last month at my son's wedding i was happy . eos
bos well just seeing my son happy and doing well and successful and . knowing that . he is turned out to be a better person than me . eos
bos i do not have a best friend . eos
bos i am kind i am compassionate i am loyal . i qualities . funny . i can be articulate . cannot think of anything else right now . eos
bos easier on myself not beat myself up so much . eos
bos happens every day . eos
bos i need to find a new job j just i am rambling on how about yourself . how are you . eos
bos next question qu . eos
bos the future will come . and it is here . and i am unprepared . i did my i . i prepared my kids though . eos
bos i drink coffee at starbucks i go i like theater and i go to the opera . conversation with people maybe . that . eos
bos what about you ? eos
bos my children . eos
bos okay you are welcome . eos
bos bye ! should i buzz the buzzer . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos i am from los angeles . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos oh the weather haha the weather the beach the weather the beach the laid backness the . driving instead of public transportation . eos
bos and the sporty . eos
bos it is my favorite and i have lived around the world i love it i love la . a lot . eos
bos haha . yes i have lived . in paris and i have been around the world a lot . eos
bos get to . get to experience all the . fantastic sights and . ss and cultures . eos
bos a sucker for that kind of stuff . eos
bos but it was just it was bitching africa was pretty much the best senegal and madagascar yeah . eos
bos just to get the stipend i did not really have any concept of what i wanna do now i really do . eos
bos it i think it is so draining the school system right now and i feel pretty bad for everybody so i wanna try to fix that . eos
bos with sort of getting kids on a more organic universal . you know trajectory . eos
bos i think you know there are ways to sort of buck the system without even talking to the system . eos
bos i might even be working that out there might some outgoingness to overcompensate for what is actually shyness and vice versa so you do not know . eos
bos haha yeah . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos but you know and i . i miss mi i miss swimming i cannot believe summer's coming so i am gonna swim some more too . eos
bos very hard time i am fighting for my child so there are times when i will just cuss up a storm just to get off some steam eos
bos usually some kind of sanity can prevail . eos
bos i mean she is pretty much a horrible person so i recently lost my temper with her . eos
bos but so i mean i do not do i did not feel like shame i really honestly did not feel shame i did not feel . eos
bos there are people that will try to use that against you that is all . but i never really feel bad for . eos
bos being angry about what i am angry about . eos
bos left me jumping out of the frying pan into the fire and they got my kid . so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos it is fucked up . yeah . eos
bos cohesive . i do not . and integrated i do not wanna erase anything from my memory . eos
bos brave enough to just go in there and do that and instead i chickened out and did their mediation and they played me out . eos
bos overcautiousness . eos
bos it is . horrific horrendous bourgeoise quality . intrigue and sabotage it is bad . eos
bos it is okay . eos
bos you know contact with someone that is really good for me it has been hard for me to . get to that point . eos
bos not so easy these days at all . eos
bos and stuff like that . eos
bos i am still pretty pollyanna'd out i still forge ahead and try to be as pleasant as possible . eos
bos my energy and space being usurped u usurped and i can tell and i do not know how to get through that and past it . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos pretty close to my spirit so . i try to stay there twenty four seven i am pretty spiritual that way . eos
bos and that . i think that is bad that i am funny and that i am good and that i am trustworthy . eos
bos and disconnect from the people that . manage to . to . drain me . eos
bos leaving the place where i could have delivered my son even though i was being . sort of . abused . eos
bos sorry you know and like a lot of the th . and . yeah and to open your eyes look what is going on . eos
bos my access to what is really going on in the world and . my awakeness i am just proud of . me as a person . eos
bos okay . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos i am pretty good . eos
bos i was born in los angeles california . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i like the fact that everything is close by all the stores the shops . xxx . eos
bos the traffic haha . eos
bos i have traveled but not too much . eos
bos going away from your usual days exploring new sights . eos
bos three weeks no a month ago i went to las vegas . with wit me and my friends and we just went sightseeing . eos
bos the it was really big and we saw the big canyon and it was impressive i have never seen something like that before . eos
bos i studied nursing . eos
bos so i took my board exam to be licensed . and i passed so i am just waiting for my license in the mail . eos
bos my dream job is to be a registered nurse . eos
bos and i saw all of that and that made me want to pursue it the medical field . eos
bos yes i am very happy . eos
bos my relationship with my family is okay not good not bad it is in between haha . eos
bos i am close i am very close to them . hmm . if i have a problem i go to them for help . eos
bos someone who is been a positive influence has been my best friend . since elementary school . eos
bos yes . eos
bos and he lives like two blocks away so he is basically like a brother of o of mine . eos
bos i am shy . eos
bos i really do not know i have always been a quiet person . ever since i can remember . eos
bos hmm what do i . i go into my room i turn my ac on . and i just relax in my bed haha . eos
bos i am pretty good i am pretty good at controlling my temper yes . eos
bos the last time i argued with someone . was about . work . eos
bos i was disappointed . not angry just disappointed . eos
bos and he already knew that . my workload was a lot but he did not understand that so that made me just very like sad . eos
bos hmm . i cannot remember one . eos
bos the hardest decision . i ever had to make was . dropping out of school . eos
bos and so . i decided to just not go next semester and go back home to la . eos
bos because i would not have gone to nursing school and i would not have been a licensed vocational nurse right now . eos
bos hmm i do not have an event . eos
bos it depends on the days where i work or where i do not work . eos
bos and i get out at ten am . so it is really hard for me to get a good night's sleep . eos
bos when i do not sleep well i can be a little bit grumpy ? irritated or just frustrated with the situation eos
bos lately i have been okay o okay i have been good . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos hmm . the last time i was really happy and excited was when i found out that i passed my license board exam to be a nurse . eos
bos haha . eos
bos my best friend would have described des would describe me as a caring nice sweet shy quiet guy . eos
bos physically speaking i would change how i look from the outside . eos
bos i am a little l i am overweight . and i would like to . lose some weight and just look good from the outside . eos
bos hmm . i do not have one . eos
bos no i do not . eos
bos this one time . i sigh at my work it is a retail store . i . i kinda took some merchandise without buying it . eos
bos the opportunity opp the opportunity was right there for me to get it i just got it and i took it home . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos and it was pretty fun and going out to different yard sales and . finding random stuff . eos
bos and now it is in my room and i sit on it haha . eos
bos after that i would just send out my resumes to different hospitals and xxx and nursing homes . eos
bos i am doing good what about you . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos la l los angeles but . i currently reside resreside in inglewood . wait did i answer your question . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos okay . eos
bos la . the murals . the ocean . what else . the people . my family's over here so . that is the best part . eos
bos what about you ? oh wait yeah haha eos
bos i would say . the smog . yeah the air it could be cleaner . and . eos
bos there is good people and bad people too . but yeah for the most part it is all good . eos
bos yeah i have been to mexico me mexico and the temples . and northern california so yes . eos
bos cleaner bloodflow . the people . culture . and stories and when you come back you share stories with like your friends . eos
bos yeah any time . like right now . or when . eos
bos so my feet could measure up to the steps . but once you get up there it is a nice view . i yeah . eos
bos general education but . mainly art . yeah i took a lot of art classes . eos
bos i just pursued it . so . yeah . eos
bos my dream job . would be to get paid for painting . painting art . eos
bos yeah . yeah . pretty simple . eos
bos you just have to really believe in yourself the more you believe in yourself the more likely you are able to succeed . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos like the need to actually . have fun or just explore . it feels good like . if that makes sense but yeah . eos
bos and also green . when i use these two colors and make a painting it calms calmcalms me down . eos
bos yeah and you have a blue shirt yeah . eos
bos you know . so . controlling my temper is just . by training my thought . eos
bos you know . and then after you know i could just eat in peace . so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos we help one another out . so that is good it is just . yeah it is like a team . eos
bos a situation i wish i could handle differently would be . hmm . that is a good question . i mean . can i get a scenerio . eos
bos so . that is the best way i could answer your question . you know . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos good influences so i would say my friends . my mom my dad . my brother my sisters . yeah . eos
bos you know like guns knives and all that stuff so . eos
bos and . eos
bos so yeah . eos
bos man . this one right now see for a the moment i got stuck i was like trying to think that was part of it . eos
bos but hardest decision as far as like life changing . eos
bos like . run into like the right people . but i took that chance and you know i met the right people so . yeah . eos
bos yeah . yeah . eos
bos i could just like shut down my mind like yeah just calm down . eos
bos like slow down my air pattern . eos
bos yeah . hmm . eos
bos that is where i am at i feel like i have free will . so yeah . eos
bos lately like in the past two weeks or today . eos
bos yeah you know like . yeah . things happen that would change like . my feelings and . for example right now it just happened . eos
bos huh . for right now like . eos
bos and then make it . reality . so that is kinda like shifting my thoughts right now . this experience this whole experience . yeah . eos
bos post traumatic stress disorder . no . eos
bos depression i know how it is like to be depressed . but diagnosed by a doctor no . eos
bos depression . how . how it feels . eos
bos it is like you have to awaken and change your perspective and focus on like i would say colors help and people talking to people helps yeah eos
bos but then what happened i fixed it like . called up a friend and . met up with him and yeah . eos
bos i am talking to a virtual person it is pretty cool . and . yeah . right now i feel happy . eos
bos haha . eos
bos so pretty much like . i do not know . yeah i mean that is what he tells me . but yeah overall good person . eos
bos probably just exercise . my diet food . my food intake . and yeah just exercise . pretty much it . eos
bos or . in elementary . a little bit of high school too . but what it would . eos
bos but yeah . usually it is people's words . and ideas . that . eos
bos yeah . yeah so that is it . eos
bos regret . yeah i got a couple things i regret . eos
bos if i really wanted to go . i would have gone . so yeah . that is kind of a regret in my head . eos
bos certain events you would experience . and as far as your overall happiness . yeah . eos
bos yeah among other things but yeah . eos
bos it is one of a kind and like it is there you know it is has own signature so so yeah i am pretty happy about that eos
bos yeah thank you . eos
bos alright thank you . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i am hanging out you know being on an adventure chilling . eos
bos culver city california . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos all the different microcosms and different places and peoples and scenes and stuff you know it is very big very vast . it is crazy . eos
bos know i mean i like la i like even the bad you know it is just all a part of the experience in general you know . eos
bos haha . yeah i have been around the country . a bunch . eos
bos rap and . do drugs and hang out more and . all sorts of shit man it is crazy . eos
bos haha . eos
bos oh really . oh . eos
bos and did some shows on the way going to texas and stayed out there for eight days . eos
bos i do not even know man it was it is so much happened it was you know i had fun . eos
bos yeah it was tight we were burning stuff we burned a car we drove the car it was like a road warrior type of car . eos
bos before i went on the other trip this was like the precursor . to my other trip it was the salton sea trip . eos
bos but yeah it was tight . eos
bos i saw a lot of nakedness that trip . eos
bos yeah really . eos
bos i am hella outgoing . outgoing for sure . eos
bos smoke weed . eos
bos haha . eos
bos what did i study ? eos
bos oh i was studying haha photography and photojournalism . and . eos
bos i forgot what it was called it was long ago . eos
bos nah not anymore . eos
bos that is the dream job getting paid for being me . so that is yeah . eos
bos i am pretty good . eos
bos pens away clears throat pens in my like fanny pack i had like a fanny pack so i had pens in there because i do art . eos
bos but that was the last time . eos
bos i got angry . eos
bos it was cool it was fun . life . eos
bos you know . eos
bos and like you know like react to that . and they were the hot . eos
bos you are a humongous ass mexican nigga it is like you need to fall back . you know what i mean it was crazy . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i lie i guess i lie l everybody lies sometime i lie sometimes . maybe like little like idle here and there exaggerations . eos
bos okay ok . eos
bos nah never . eos
bos the hardest . eos
bos those are hard decisions because i never like to let anybody down . so yeah stuff like that deciding between friends to hang out with . eos
bos ouch . eos
bos it is cool i live with my mom . eos
bos i come home like every three to four days . so i am i . eos
bos who ? what could you repeat the question eos
bos my aunty . eos
bos oh she is just really nice she is like a little sweet little blind old lady . who cooks really good . eos
bos and it is tight i do not know . eos
bos something i could erase from my memory . i would not wanna erase anything from my memory . because that'll be like . eos
bos you know that shit is for weak people . eos
bos who do wanna do stuff like that but i still like . i do not see the logic in it . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos and it is pretty easy i could just go to sleep . you know when i get tired . yeah . eos
bos fucking did some coke . fucking shit was crazy yo it was just like . it was a rockstar weekend . or a week . eos
bos or . type of stuff . eos
bos that is post traumatic stress syndrome . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos i have not . but i get . eos
bos it was awesome i xxx . eos
bos oh yeah it was . eos
bos i am . ready . eos
bos hmm okay . eos
bos be real posi-core as they have said . like this is hella positive p positive you know . eos
bos i would not change anything but if i would it would be that but really nothing because i am chilling right now . eos
bos but that was probably the last time like i felt really bad about myself cough . eos
bos what exactly do you wanna know about that ? eos
bos just because she wanted to like mess around with other people . and that was the relationship in a nutshell . eos
bos life sucks you gotta adapt and change man . know what i mean . eos
bos do not walk from it run to what did you say ? eos
bos yeah that bitch gave me stds that shit sucks fucking a . that is the only thing i regret . eos
bos do not run from it run to it know what i mean . eos
bos haha . wait ten t ten or twenty years ago . eos
bos he would not be able to comprehend the advice i would give what w what did you say . eos
bos i would be like . just fucking . read a little more books or something dude like . eos
bos i do not know man fucking it is gonna be okay you are great just keep . doing ts cool shit and have a ball . eos
bos him to do something differently will alter the course of history and then the time stream that i am in may not may cease to exist . eos
bos to be a better person is to make hella mistakes you know . at least that . eos
bos you know what i am saying that is basically what that is how i jive you know what i mean . eos
bos sniffle . eos
bos and it could only get bigger and better . eos
bos sniffle . eos
bos are you sure ? eos
bos woah . eos
bos totally that is crazy . eos
bos bye ! i love you . eos
bos haha you love you too . eos
bos that is tight should i press the button now or what . eos
bos okay . haha . eos
bos los angeles . eos
bos the weather . the variety of environments the ocean you know various different environment or environmental variety . eos
bos haha . eos
bos it does not have a small town sort of feel where . you know just the warmth the human sort of warmth interactively . so . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos no . eos
bos i have a fear of flying and i have developed agoraphobia . eos
bos haha . eos
bos incredibly difficult . eos
bos yeah i am guessing you mean the agoraphobia more so than the fear of flying . eos
bos eh it is progressing pregr progressing to be worse it is very . what is the word . immobilizing and very distressing actually . eos
bos hmm haha yes it is . eos
bos read a lot i do bibliotherapy reading and i try to inform myself of the of the professional literature so that i could hopefully overcome it someday eos
bos hmm . eos
bos yes definitely . eos
bos being in a car traveling . being away from home being in someone else's car . things that are outside of my locus of control . eos
bos xxx actually i do not go to school right now . eos
bos my dream job is . to be a psychologist haha . eos
bos bridging people together and helping people interpersonally through their challenges chall personal challenges . so that is sort of it in a nutshell . eos
bos but i challenge myself completely because i do love human interaction so i take those risks and jump and those challenges . eos
bos the last time i interacted with somebody was haha today . eos
bos if i think i am understanding your question correctly . eos
bos take taking those risks . eos
bos very good . hmm . very good haha . eos
bos when was the last time i argued with somebody ? i actually cannot remember it was not recent haha eos
bos from when i was like twenty one haha right now . i cannot think of anything contemporary right now . my mind is . eos
bos okay when i was younger . eos
bos let me back i apologized immediately . and they let me back into their lives . and changed their minds so . i regret that . eos
bos and to leave . shattered soul shattered heart shattered . eos
bos the majority of my family fa they were the loving aspect of my family the rest of my family is very cruel and like very abusive . eos
bos since i was . twenty one since my aunt and uncle . disowned me i guess is the right word . estranged yeah . eos
bos as an example . i was injured and i wish i could get that away from my memory . eos
bos disabled from my employment for a quite amount of quite a given amount of time as well . eos
bos severe disability disabil disability limited . functionality with my right my . i am right-handed with my right hand . and arm . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos so i do not know how best to answer your question . eos
bos i cannot . eos
bos i have . severe nightmares haha and i have nocturnal . panic attacks . eos
bos and i also have physical illness on top of it and i am in excruciating pain . eos
bos yes . eos
bos yes . eos
bos they are triggered by . what else my physical illness not my injury only but my physical . illness as well . so yes . eos
bos i feel very ill . and . feel so fatigued . eos
bos very ill and very fatigued . eos
bos when i do not sleep and get enough sleep my anxiety level i believe is up and ? i am susceptible to feeling distressed so yeah eos
bos yes . eos
bos three years ago my m my most recent diagnosis . and in two thousand and one as well . eos
bos yes . eos
bos three years ago and . when i was . twenty years old . eos
bos and their ultimate . what is the word . rejection of me and estrangement that was the first reason . eos
bos no i stopped six months ago . eos
bos sigh . why did i stop i am just taking a break haha i am gonna continue . eos
bos yes very much . eos
bos it is helped tremendously . eos
bos and eh there is just so many benefits it is . i . i will stop right there is many more . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos and it was in nineteen ninety seven the onset of my illness was in july of ninety seven so it was before that haha . eos
bos at the same time so it was just things were just going very well and i just really liked . eos
bos the just where my life was at it was just in a really good place in many ways . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos excruciating pain that i am in so those are some things . eos
bos but there is many more . things that i wish i could change about myself to improve myself . so many more . eos
bos i would have told myself to be a little more careful . i guess if that is . useful to your question . eos
bos sniffle . eos
bos you know i cannot think of anything specific but i know it would have to do with either reading or connecting with someone on a meaningful level eos
bos sniffle . eos
bos so i think that would be it . sniffle . eos
bos yes . eos
bos okay . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos i feel pretty good . eos
bos little l little nervous . eos
bos because i have never done anything like this before . that is why . eos
bos haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos from ohio cincinnati . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos two months ago . two and a half months . eos
bos was just looking for ? just wanted to be in a new environment eos
bos oh yeah i am ecstatic . very happy . eos
bos it took a few weeks just to get adjusted . because i did not know anyone an . eos
bos the weather is probably the best thing . eos
bos yeah and . i mean other than that . it is pretty much the same as everywhere else i have been . eos
bos there is nothing i do not really real really like about la . it is just you know just the weather is the best part of it . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos year and a half i have done . done quite a bit of traveling . eos
bos just seeing different places different people new faces . new places . eos
bos sigh . let us see last well last summer i spent the summer in cleveland . sniffle doing urban farming . in the city . eos
bos we would . go to different urban farms throughout the city and . volunteer . about bout twenty five hours a week . so yeah . eos
bos one of those things that you know most people would never try because of a you know because of a certain stigma that comes along with it eos
bos and you know . i just thought it would be fun and interesting to do something like that . eos
bos yeah . what in the . hmm . urban farming or in general . eos
bos you know how fresh natural food taste eh you know . as opposed to the food you buy in a grocery store . eos
bos yeah . yeah it is really is . eos
bos i was i took two semesters . of college and i was undecided . so i was just taking general classes . eos
bos i would not mind being like a forest ranger or something like that . just as long as i you know . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos consider myself more shy . eos
bos i do not know why haha it is just the way it is . eos
bos huh . i read . listen to music . i draw . watch movies stuff like that . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i think i am pretty good at it . eos
bos i think thi . yeah . eos
bos deep breath wow . yeah i cannot remember the last time i had an argument with someone . i do not know . eos
bos sigh makes sounds with mouth . again i do not know because . i do not . dwell on things that happened in the past . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos haha . hmm . maybe whether or not to come to california . i guess that was a hard decision . eos
bos thinking whether . whether or not i would be . secure or not . you know what i mean . eos
bos so you know . eh yeah guess that was . hardest decision deci decision that i can think of . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos eh guess so . eos
bos nothing absolutely nothing . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos nothing . i do not feel guilty about anything . eos
bos i do not really know my dad that well so . you know . eos
bos makes clicking sounds with mouth . whistling softly . whistling softly . i guess my grandmother . yeah she . eos
bos so eh you know . she is a very positive influence . eos
bos very easy . eos
bos maybe unsure . i would say . eos
bos but . yeah i guess yeah . just general . not knowing what i want . but i know like . eos
bos how do i cope with that ? eos
bos how do i cope with that i ? i do not know i just do a lot of thinking a lot of soul searching eos
bos i feel like it is necessary . and . you know certain things in life you just . you are forced to face . so . eos
bos it is harder to i think it is harder to avoid . those type of things . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos xxx today . when i talked to my friend earlier . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i guess he would say i am quiet guess he would describe as a nice guy guess insightful hmm goofy and yeah eos
bos oh i do not really think like that . eos
bos no . eos
bos ten or twenty years ago . guess i would tell myself to . stick with what i love . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i did . acting workshop . in . scrubbedentry . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos and i decided why not . you know just try it . see how you like it . eos
bos what am i most proud of ? like an event or a an accomplishment eos
bos i guess i pride myself on being independent . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am pretty good feeling a little tired but . feeling pretty good for the most part . eos
bos redondo beach . eos
bos yep . eos
bos i like to go hiking up in these mountains santa monica mountains to be exact . eos
bos and i do not like . the price of o the cost of living in specific areas . eos
bos been to various states here and there . trying to get out there . eos
bos and . it is just part of the journey i just i love exploring this you know . this planet we call earth . eos
bos the climate was nice the ocean was right there it was people were great it was just a fun trip all around . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos it was just everything worked out very well just every day was there was something new and fun to do . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i studied business management . and economics right now . eos
bos my portfolio up so i figured economics would be a great way for a long term investment financially so that is why i did my economics . eos
bos yeah i am really stoked it was . one of the best decisions probably of my life . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i consider myself more outgoing i am . i am pretty friendly i do not mind to open up to people and stuff . eos
bos i mostly like to be outdoors i love nature and just to be outside just . just puts me at ease . eos
bos angry and hold grudges just because . there is no need to life's too short for all that . eos
bos see i cannot even remember the last time i argued with anybody . i have no idea . eos
bos but now it is just . awkward . eos
bos yeah it does . eos
bos but other than that nothing has really been too tough in my life that . was really that hard of a decision . eos
bos i do not really feel guilty about anything . pretty good person i think and for the most part . i could not think of anything . eos
bos i know that is kinda . weird for somebody to say but i have lived a pretty good life and . i am happy . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos it is good for the most part i guess as a young adult . hmm . eos
bos and they have been very successful they own their own . accounting practice and . seeing that influenced me to achieve higher in life . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos it is pretty easy for the most part i just close my eyes and . wake up in the morning . eos
bos i am tired sometimes i am . could sense that i am a little drained and . maybe get a little groggy here and there . eos
bos and that is it . eos
bos what other trips are planned for the summer i am just i am excited to be done with school for a little while . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i have never been diagnosed with ptsd . eos
bos i have never been diagnosed with depression sigh . eos
bos the last time i felt really happy was probably seeing my girlfriend graduate a couple days ago she had just graduated from nursing school on monday . eos
bos downs it is really good to see somebody just strive through and achieve what they want to achieve and just made me really proud of her . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos probably outgoing friendly . positive vibes all around . adventurous . loves sports . team player knows how to be a leader here and there . eos
bos and . gets a little outspoken sometimes . eos
bos no not really for the most part . no not really . eos
bos right now and that is not . i am not going that way right now so . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos no biggie . sigh . oh man i could not . cannot really think of a time . eos
bos it was a lot of fun . that was . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos a little less on the social aspects . and . kinda stick with one sport just to see how far that could get ya . eos
bos and that is pretty much it now . eos
bos and . i am really proud to just be finally getting my bachelor's and hopefully going for my mba in a couple years . eos
bos for sure . eos
bos i am okay . eos
bos la . eos
bos kinds of food to eat you can go to the desert you can go to the you can go anywhere i mean there is a lot . eos
bos and the weather's great . eos
bos lately the change in weather it is kind of a little too unpredictable . but it mainly the traffic and sometimes some rudeness of people . eos
bos i would not say a lot just occasionally . eos
bos relaxing . adventure i love adventure . eos
bos me some medication and i went on a boat and we snorkeled and there were two boats and i accidentally got back on the wrong boat . eos
bos yeah and they are really crazy they made me jump back into the water and swim to the right boat haha . eos
bos and i thought i was gonna drown because the water was kinda rough i was really shocked they wanted me to do that . eos
bos yeah but i survived haha . eos
bos yeah pretty good . eos
bos business management . but also . eos
bos also hypnotherapy . eos
bos i did not hear that other question . eos
bos well i came from a serious kinda family so that just seems something that would be universal that would cover a lot of different subjects . eos
bos yes . yeah but yes and no i mean now i kinda wish it was something different . eos
bos i am very outgoing and funny so . probably would have been something more like either liberal arts communication that type of thing . eos
bos that i am uncoordinated and in some ways and you know they could be uncoordinated and have some fun too haha . eos
bos go do something new go to a festival go grocery shopping . interact with friends call them see them . eos
bos that type of thing . talk to strangers . eos
bos or people who are like really rude you know with the way they cut you off . eos
bos i will confront them on that sometimes . eos
bos got in an argument it sounds childish about who was right you know because she thinks she is always the smarter one because she is older . eos
bos other times i just let it go and let her rattle on because it is . it is kinda nonproductive . eos
bos all of 'em . you know it is a mixed bag you know . we kinda have assertive aggressiveness in us a little bit . eos
bos sigh . but also . eos
bos strangers have been . very sometimes unexpectedly very nice . eos
bos maybe i cannot reach something and some guy'll pop up behind me and you know without me saying anything just help me out . eos
bos that type of thing or . if somebody's like kind of mean to me somebody'll like . commiserate haha you know and . xxx . eos
bos major stress from it . now he and i do not talk at all i just feel it is best he is kind of odd . eos
bos sometimes breaking up with somebody or . sigh . yeah it is usually or getting rid of a friend . that type of thing . eos
bos eh sigh when i was younger i stole things you know that is not the best behavior and . and it is stuff like that . eos
bos and . erase a lot of memories of men i dated that just did not work out well at all . and . yeah . eos
bos i can drop off like . right away . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos cranky haha irritated . eos
bos snarky haha . eos
bos male haha . just a lot of anxiety . hmm yeah . eos
bos sigh take a deep breath . try and do positive things you know sometimes . eat healthier work out more talk to my friend about it . eos
bos that type of thing . try and look for interesting activities to do . to distract me . sniffle . eos
bos hmm things i have experienced that i have had ha i have you know i get very anxious in certain situations . eos
bos or sometimes if they are too much in my space s my space you know where i am it bothers me . eos
bos yeah a long time ago . eos
bos it was ages ago . maybe over ten years ago . fifteen years ago . eos
bos in a circle . just . to . wanted to be more positive and enjoy life more . eos
bos feeling stuck in certain thoughts having a lot of negative thoughts feeling of hopelessness helplessness . that type of thing . eos
bos xxx . i go occasionally it is a different type . i will go see a hypnotherapist sometimes to release rel release anxiety that is in me . eos
bos yes i do very useful . eos
bos even more things you know whether i know the outcome or not you know of the unknown i will experiment a lot more . eos
bos laughing i am not even trying to and i am just saying like regular stories and people look at me funny and laugh sniffle yeah that . eos
bos as a really decent loyal empathetic . deserving . supportive i am hoping haha . outgoing quirky . type of person . eos
bos sometimes it is real frustrating for me to be around some types of people . eos
bos and . try and be as kind and patient with people as possible and have a lot of fun try new things . eos
bos bunch of people lose weight declutter their homes i have helped create a lot of positive change in people . eos
bos hmm . oh okay . eos
bos yeah it was nice talking to you . eos
bos i am doing okay . eos
bos i am from los angeles california . eos
bos the food the weather and the people . eos
bos some of the bad people or some of the bad environments in la . eos
bos haha . no not too much . eos
bos i only been like to texas las vegas and . that is pretty much it . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos catching a airplane to houston texas like back and forth to visit my dad . and . going to las vegas a lot . that is . eos
bos and that was a lot of fun i was not scared that was a lot of fun . and i enjoyed that haha . eos
bos when i went to school i studied child development and nursing ? eos
bos and then i did not wanna be a nurse so i changed my major to child development and i graduated from that . eos
bos no i am actually looking for work i am unemployed right now . eos
bos my dream job would be . probably doing something working with the kids opening up a nursery or something my own business . eos
bos in my mind it is simple but like in reality it seem like it is kinda difficult haha . eos
bos sometimes i am shy but i am really an outgoing person and a people person . eos
bos have a quiet environment . and maybe lay down watch a little tv or something . eos
bos i do not like to get really angry or upset . or . get to where . i am fitting to hurt somebody haha . eos
bos opinion so we argue about that but it is like nothing really big or anything like that it is just stupid i do not even remember haha eos
bos probably not working right now i need a job haha . eos
bos yes . eos
bos before i really do something i regret . eos
bos being with somebody like a guy you know if i wanna continue a relationship with them . or just . eos
bos be single . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos houston texas . or . they are around but i do not really socialize with a lot of my family . eos
bos my dad . eos
bos that is it haha . eos
bos scrubbedentry . she is in the fifth grade she is graduating she is going to the sixth grade and i am kinda excited for that . eos
bos sometimes it is easy but sometimes it gets a little overwhelming . eos
bos the hardest thing about being a parent is being a single parent . eos
bos it is just about making a lot of sacrifices and just always . it is brings me so much joy being a parent . eos
bos so it just . i had to mature a lot faster than a lot of other kids . eos
bos so . it was . eos
bos just . my parents and . their drug addiction i wish i could erase that from my memory . eos
bos to really grow up and be a kid and which way to go or anything it just was like i was in a world by myself . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos oh it is very easy i sleep well every night i can sleep any time i sleep very well . eos
bos a little sad but most of the time i am very happy i am just not happy with where i am in my life right now . eos
bos just stay positive and focused . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos that was the last time i was really very happy like that . eos
bos it is a very happy experience for me . eos
bos i really do not have any friends right now . eos
bos my personality . i am . a happy person i am a outgoing person . and . a positive person . and . a good mother . eos
bos get to the next step sometimes or . just . feeling down . sometimes . eos
bos it did not really make me feel too bad about myself but it just made me pick my friends very wisely . eos
bos do not it just when i notice things about people that should determine whether i wanna be their friend or not you know they might have . eos
bos people friends haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos to stay in school . stay positive stay focused and surround myself with good positive people . and just . stay on the right track . eos
bos so just i enjoyed being with . a group of friends and family and having a good time . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos and i do wanna be somebody and i am very proud that i wanna be a better parent than my parents . eos
bos thank you haha . eos
bos i am doing well thank you . eos
bos from los l los angeles . eos
bos hmm sports outdoor sports mainly . eos
bos surfing snowboarding mountain biking rock climbing . eos
bos traffic . eos
bos yes . eos
bos experiencing different cultures . eos
bos the level of . of entertainment and the level of education is so much different that eh they are like two different worlds . eos
bos traveling you mean . eos
bos and it is a place where you go to go surfing and it is an incredible . visually incredible and experientially incredible place . eos
bos i studied biology . eos
bos i was pushed from behind by my father who was a medical doctor and he wanted me to become a medical doctor also . eos
bos not at all i am working in . areas of business now . eos
bos yes i am . eos
bos my dream job would be to be a missionary . eos
bos yes . eos
bos to be building people homes and helping them find fresh water sources things like that if i could afford to travel to remote places like that . eos
bos i exercise . eos
bos i think i am pretty good at it . i think i am pretty effective at it . eos
bos it was probably two days ago it was my girlfriend . and it was about her lack of consideration . eos
bos i felt frustrated . eos
bos displeasure with someone's actions right away and that . takes care of the anger immediately . eos
bos it diffuses trouble rather than . prolongs or protracts the trouble . eos
bos i did not go that route but that was probably the most . difficult period . in my life . eos
bos keeping those memories make me who i am today and . and dealing with them defines who i am today . eos
bos me also just . just knowing that he is going through turmoil . eos
bos and his family is very abusive towards him it is an not a happy relationship for his family . eos
bos yes . eos
bos and kind . yet on the other hand he was he had high expectations of me and my two brothers . eos
bos and i have a feeling it is because of a diagnosis of cancer that i received one month ago . eos
bos that ten percent comes from eh an unsuredness about the future . about whether . i will survive this or not . eos
bos not really . eos
bos no . eos
bos never . eos
bos never . eos
bos or rock climbing or mountain biking i always experience joy when i am exercising at a very high level of exertion . eos
bos funny . jovial . intelligent a perfectionist . eos
bos hmm eh that is no one's asked me much about that . maybe . is to submerge my . hedonistic self . eos
bos slog through a mile full of crap in order to get to a prize that is so far away . eos
bos a year and a half ago . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos anything i regret yeah i regret not getting married and having kids . eos
bos level of living in the whole world other people think that we are the only ones that think that and i disagree . eos
bos i think i have done i am happy with my life thus far . eos
bos that was very gratifying to me . eos
bos i stand up and i have been on tv and on youtube speaking up against these people that pollute the environment . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos i am well thank you . eos
bos southern california . eos
bos the weather sigh the mountains the ocean . eos
bos hmm traffic . air quality . eos
bos no . not a lot . eos
bos hmm . time . money . eos
bos i studied art sigh . studio art . eos
bos it was just always a talent and a desire i had from childhood . eos
bos i am . eos
bos hmm making . a good living through my art . eos
bos it is challenging . eos
bos and finding . a niche that appeals to . others while being able to do work that stays true to my own vision . eos
bos somewhere in between . eos
bos i read . i walk dogs . i spend time with my family . eos
bos oh it is very good i love my family very much and they love me very much we are very supportive of each other . eos
bos when i am dealing with a lot of rush hour traffic . but it is not out of control haha . eos
bos stupid thing . eos
bos and he is . starting to . be a little more goal driven . a little less satisfied with just the daily grind . eos
bos being a parent is . very challenging . in a wonderful way . eos
bos today's world can be very . violent and scary and you fear for your children's safety and well-being . eos
bos i am sorry . eos
bos the love the support the joy of just . everyday little things that you share . eos
bos we are very v have a very open communication . which in my parents' generation i think children were more seen and not heard . eos
bos of situations they may have had their children in when they were . when they were young that . were not the best . eos
bos deep breath sigh . sometimes i feel that i should have . been . more aware . at a younger age . eos
bos had've been more on top of your . your life when you were younger . eos
bos oh gosh . i honestly cannot think of anything . eos
bos everything . and there the there is i do not wanna lose the lesson that i am to learn from that experience . eos
bos positive influence in my life my daughter . my son my granddaughter . there is a oddly enough an author carlos castaneda . eos
bos whereas some people . you know . question his validity i found that . he has something very extraordinary to offer . mankind . eos
bos pretty easy . haha i fall asleep pretty quick . eos
bos good . eos
bos deep breath hmm . no not really just always looking for the next . project to . to . get started on . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos yesterday haha yesterday was mother's day . and my children gave me flowers and beautiful gifts and made me a wonderful brunch and . eos
bos we spent the day together and it was very nice . eos
bos oh . easygoing . easy to be around . friendly happy . eos
bos deep breath hmm . i would like to work on . being . more focused . on . on projects . eos
bos so nothing that . i still . at this age . take personally or you know hold a grudge for . eos
bos sure everybody has regrets but . you do the best you can do at the time and you learn and you move on . eos
bos hmm . i do not do i do not know i . i cannot answer that one . eos
bos i am really pleased with i like the way it is going . eos
bos my kids . my the fact that my kids are . are . wonderful human beings i feel very blessed . eos
bos good . eos
bos new jersey . eos
bos five years ago . eos
bos about bout once a year . eos
bos there is more to do out here . eos
bos the weather is nice . eos
bos did not take very long ? eos
bos and the art scene the music scene there is always something to do out here . eos
bos some of the people haha . eos
bos some of the people are just kinda superficial . eos
bos no . eos
bos i like it out here . eos
bos art . eos
bos i took a lot of art courses throughout high school . eos
bos a little . eos
bos i would like to create . eos
bos not very hard . eos
bos outgoing . eos
bos because all of my friends tell me i am outgoing . eos
bos listen to music or read . eos
bos pretty good . eos
bos i do not even remember the last time i argued with someone . eos
bos hmm . i do not feel guilty about anything . eos
bos hmm . i cannot think of a situation i wish i handled differently . eos
bos probably moving to la . eos
bos eh just deciding to go away from my family and come out here was kind of a difficult decision . eos
bos yes . eos
bos it is very good i still talk to them . like almost every day and i see them sometimes so it works out . eos
bos my mom . eos
bos just kinda taught me to be the person i am today . eos
bos hmm . i cannot think of an event i wish i could erase from my memory . eos
bos i like it . eos
bos no . eos
bos it is very easy . eos
bos hmm i yawn a lot . eos
bos good . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos whenever i go to the gym i get happy . eos
bos yesterday . eos
bos crazy . eos
bos because i am crazy . haha . eos
bos i like myself the way i am . eos
bos i cannot think of a time someone made me feel bad about myself . eos
bos no . eos
bos i would just tell myself that everything's gonna be okay . eos
bos probably family visits . eos
bos every time i go back it is really nice to see all my family and see what they are up to now . eos
bos i really enjoy karaoke and i did that recently . eos
bos hmm when people put down other people . eos
bos music . art exhibits . working out . eos
bos my friendships . eos
bos i am a good listener . and . really good at giving my opinion on how to help others . eos
bos i am good how are you . eos
bos i was born in hawaii but i grew up in colorado . eos
bos yeah . yeah . eos
bos about seven s seven to eight years ago . eos
bos i try to go back once a year ye once or twice a year . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos it is different it is not as busy . there is more things to do out outdoors in the mountains . my family fam . eos
bos for work . eos
bos yeah i am i love it here . eos
bos once that got through that kinda hard year it was pretty good out here i have had a good time . eos
bos i love that i have met a lot of people that love the arts as much as i do . eos
bos the traffic just like everyone else . eos
bos yeah . yeah the traffic and . it is pretty much just traffic . earthquakes . eos
bos not as much as i would like . eos
bos it is just nice to go some place new . experience something different . eos
bos it was really different than la it was really cool . eos
bos haha . eos
bos english creative writing . eos
bos well i always wanted to tell stories so . it just made sense to work on writing in somehow some aspect . eos
bos yeah i am . eos
bos to . have my own tv show where i write it and everyone watches it every week and it is awesome . eos
bos really hard ? eos
bos because there is a lot of people that have the same dream so . yeah . eos
bos more outgoing than shy . eos
bos i like talking to people i enjoy other people . eos
bos hmm go to the movies or . turn on music dance . eos
bos pretty good . eos
bos and so when i tried to have a conversation about it they got mad and then i got mad and . we got mad . eos
bos because we could not have a dialogue i felt like no one was listening to me . eos
bos totally . eos
bos i did not need to be petty like that but i just . i wanted to be i guess . eos
bos but it was just hard in the moment to . you know tell her something she did not wanna hear . eos
bos okay . eos
bos was just one of those moments i guess you need as a kid but i did not really wanna experience like loss like that in your face eos
bos yeah . eos
bos we do not talk often but we talk with love and we . always love each other when we see each other . eos
bos to you know pursue my dreams and . not to let the little things get me down so i am glad i had her . eos
bos usually it is easy sometimes it is not . eos
bos still wanna stay up i guess . eos
bos i tried to go to sleep early again and i ended up tossing and turning and . so sigh scatterbrained haha . eos
bos but . yeah . i think that answers the question . eos
bos i just that maybe a little more absent-minded than usual just lately with the not working thing . eos
bos no . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos a couple days ago when i got my new job haha when i got hired . eos
bos outgoing listening . attentive . fun . loyal . eos
bos i think . i hope . eos
bos this girdle's pretty tight haha and . you know sometimes i wish i had more money but . nothing too drastic . i am okay . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos the crying fat kid who could not get the mean stickers off his back . eos
bos hmm yeah . eos
bos anything . eos
bos probably . yeah . eos
bos and as i got older i did not care as much and i started enjoying life a lot more so . eos
bos we danced and we went swimming and we barbecued and we laughed and had a great time . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos try to make it in hollywood . eos
bos my pleasure . eos
bos good thank you . eos
bos el segundo right down the street . eos
bos the beach . eos
bos the smog . eos
bos i try to when i have time . eos
bos being away from home getting away . eos
bos springs with my wife and my friends and it was really nice it was a hundred degrees outside and we laid by the pool and barbecued . eos
bos i am not sure probably graduating from college maybe . eos
bos i was first person in my family to graduate i guess from college so it is kind of a big deal . eos
bos advertising communications and public relations . eos
bos i went on and transferred to a university and . wanted to study the same thing i guess . eos
bos yeah i work in advertising now . eos
bos deep breath . dream job . probably to . to work for a . a big golf company . and do their advertising for them . eos
bos to . eos
bos seem might seem like it right now just because i am not this is a different . a new setting but usually outgoing . eos
bos so any time i am stressed i definitely just . try to go to the gym or . wake up earlier and surf before work . eos
bos i do not really have a temper i just . i am pretty mellow . eos
bos have not really argued with anyone we have disagreements you know with family members or friends but ? it is usually solved right then and there eos
bos hmm . i am not sure . eos
bos maybe not . providing for my family as much as i would like to i guess . eos
bos hmm i am not sure off the top of my head . eos
bos it is pretty good we are all pretty close dad mom sisters brothers wife . in-laws siblings yeah everyone pets . eos
bos probably my dad . he is a hard worker . and he is kind of trained me to . do the same thing be the same way . eos
bos that is one thing i struggle with i definitely get a good night's sleep but it is hard to go to sleep . eos
bos i am trained my body to go to bed around one but when i was younger it was two three four in the morning . eos
bos i feel okay . happy . eos
bos my wife w my wife is pregnant so i am slowly s slowly feeling a little bit of the side effects i guess . eos
bos supposedly you get the man pregnancy side effects it is our first so i am unfamiliar with the feelings . eos
bos this morning when i woke up . eos
bos no . eos
bos have not ? eos
bos sigh . i got to get together with a couple of my friends and play a round of golf enjoy the sunshine nice day . eos
bos as outgoing and . hardworking and . a family f good family person . eos
bos maybe just to . have a little bit more confidence . yeah . eos
bos deep breath i do not recall sigh . eos
bos not really i try not to have any regrets . just move forward from something . negative i guess . just try to move on . eos
bos all the xxx all the things you know start a retirement fund . all the above . eos
bos continue to work harder and move m move up . eos
bos haha i am alright . i am in a weird test study right now . eos
bos i am from los angeles . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos ss all kinds of different things to do in this city . eos
bos well . i do not know each area is a little different and it is hard to get boring around here . eos
bos oh you know the traffic and the smog and all that . eos
bos not as much as i would like to . eos
bos hmm money mainly . lack of money . eos
bos i like seeing the world and seeing all the different places . eos
bos went to russia three years ago . eos
bos yeah . i like to go into the churches we did a huge trip of all the churches in the area . eos
bos music for the most part . eos
bos i been playing music for a long time . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos xxx musician touring performing musician . eos
bos really hard ? eos
bos ss a lot of competition and luck involved . eos
bos i agree . eos
bos little of both i suppose . eos
bos haha . again probably just i play a lot of music . sit down with a guitar for a little while . eos
bos i would say good i think i am a calm person . eos
bos i am having difficulty even remembering haha . nothing big in a long time . eos
bos hmm . i am having difficulty thinking of one on the spot right now . eos
bos the hardest decision i have ever had to make . haha . i am not sure i cannot think of anything . eos
bos haha when i was a boy . i stole a little golden bicycle from an old lady . i am not proud of it haha . eos
bos haha . eos
bos it is ts not ideal . i live with my parents i am twenty three years old . and that is becoming more and more awkward . eos
bos i need to get my own apartment and . then we can come back around and be friends i am sure with my parents . eos
bos a lot of positive haha influences in my life i have got a good group of friends you know my family i love them nonetheless but . eos
bos easy i would say . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos just not as groggy as some people get i do not know i . eos
bos just in general . well . i would say . things are alright . eos
bos no nothing huge . eos
bos no . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos last time i had a really good band practice last night with all the friends i felt really good about that . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos think generally funny and good to be around . eos
bos work ethic i think is a big one . eos
bos sure . you know i have a lot of projects i have planned for myself in my life and i have difficulty completing them . eos
bos i like to use space as an excuse that is my go-to one . i do not have a good studio to record music or . eos
bos you know i was not officially in the core group and stuff i felt pretty bad about that for a few days . eos
bos it is alright haha . eos
bos in life . eos
bos maybe going maybe finishing college that might be something . not . eos
bos i never came to pass that i would transfer to . a four year university and get a bachelor's degree . eos
bos best qualities i think . generally that easygoingness and . good sense of humor . eos
bos i did recently that i really enjoyed . last weekend i went camping on a beach with a bunch of friends that was nice . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos most proud of . i guess you know musical accomplishments i have put a lot of work into that and i am finding success in my way . eos
bos haha . thank you . eos
bos thank you that was interesting . eos
bos i am well thank you how are you . eos
bos i grew up in oklahoma . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos half years ago so i used to be on the west we on the east coast and then i decided i wanted to come out here . eos
bos my hometown not very often most m most of my family's moved away so i visit them but i do not actually get back to oklahoma much . eos
bos la's a lot more exciting . there is a lot more . to do here and . the ocean obviously is very nice so . eos
bos i thought and i also like big cities so i thought la might be a good place for me to come . eos
bos very it is probably one of the best decisions i ever made . eos
bos haha . eos
bos pretty easy i think eh it seems kind of natural . it seemed like a good fit . i just really like it here . eos
bos you know hang out with friends and it is just it is kind of like being on vacation all the time it is really nice . eos
bos hmm . i studied philosophy and political theory and government . and did a little bit of english literature on the side . eos
bos areas and . i just followed what i liked and was interested in and ended up spending a lot of time studying that . eos
bos not exactly i work for an educational nonprofit so i work with graduate grad with graduate students in the social sciences and humanities . eos
bos but i do not actually use my philosophy background very often . eos
bos but help them to achieve their goals and realize their dreams . eos
bos requires charging people money haha so finding people who are willing to pay for that can be difficult too . eos
bos i am definitely on the shyer side i am an introvert so . eos
bos would say and it is also a challenge for me i tend not to be the person who introduces myself in a room full of strangers . eos
bos haha pretty good i think . but i do have a temper so i can get upset from time to time . eos
bos not really it can be a challenge when i am driving haha but other than that no . eos
bos probably with one of my liberal friends so . but i actually cannot remember the specific time . eos
bos and i like to read and be alone just with my thoughts . eos
bos so that is nice . eos
bos just nothing comes to mind sniffle . sigh . hmm . eos
bos okay i am sorry haha . eos
bos know why but i do not know what it applies to because it is not like i am worried consciously at least about failing things so . eos
bos no i do not think so . at least not that i am aware of . eos
bos so that is . that makes me feel bad sometimes . eos
bos but you know we are not that close with our extended family so . eos
bos i think she kinda gets me so it is a lot of fun to hang out with her and that is been nice . eos
bos i usually do not wake up in the middle of the night . or at least if i do not remember it . so . eos
bos and . i do not know it just feels like more of a struggle . eos
bos everything going well this summer but in general i am feeling pretty good . eos
bos days and so now i am struggling to try and get back in the routine and it is not going as well as i would like . eos
bos it is okay . thank you . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos maybe i will get some more time with him that way but just being around him is fun . eos
bos and that i am loyal . and . i am not sure what else . i think those are probably the main things . eos
bos xxx . i do not know . i think i wish that i was in a relationship . so . probably those things . eos
bos have very strong opinions about how you handle . challenges with people peo with staff members . eos
bos or after we had that interaction so . eos
bos been more aware of that ten or twenty years ago . eos
bos so . eos
bos to sleep the food is delicious you get special attention and i also had not been to singapore before so that was kind of cool too . eos
bos sure . thank you . eos
bos good thanks . eos
bos the east coast . eos
bos for work . eos
bos rarely . eos
bos i prefer it out here . eos
bos it is my favorite city so . eos
bos somewhat . but i mostly . eos
bos what is that ? eos
bos just . i like to go to france a lot i like the food there and . just the lifestyle the shopping that sort of thing . eos
bos art history and marketing . eos
bos classical education and . i interned at andy warhol's magazine when i was in high school and so . that . scrubbedentry . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos yes . eos
bos yes . eos
bos eh i am pretty happy with what i am doing i do consulting so . i write marketing plans that sort of thing . eos
bos it is can be fairly hard . eos
bos about writing a marketing plan . eos
bos a knowledge of . you know how it is done and it takes several months to do one so . eos
bos well i guess i am i originally kind of shy but . i become more outgoing just because of work and stuff . eos
bos i like to exercise i . i do hiking with my dogs we walk up and down a hill a couple times is it . eos
bos good . eos
bos i do not remember . eos
bos i do not know nothing comes to mind . eos
bos of dog hair in it and i feel bad when i should always stay on top of that just getting to the car wash and stuff . eos
bos you know it was wa it was somewhat difficult because i loved him very much so . eos
bos i am not close to my family so . but i do not really have one . eos
bos and . scrubbedentry . eos
bos i just met them socially . scrubbedentry . eos
bos i do not know nothing comes to mind . eos
bos talking to experimenter . talking to experimenter . talking to experimenter . talking to experimenter . talking to experimenter . talking to experimenter . eos
bos pretty easy because i keep a regular schedule . eos
bos just jus just kind of tired maybe a little bit irritable . eos
bos good . eos
bos well i am recovering from ptsd . so i sometimes feel the ptsd and then i will take a medication for that . eos
bos it i do not really have any . eos
bos i prefer not to talk about it . eos
bos in the past but it is treated . eos
bos five years ago . eos
bos to doctor and they helped me . and i did psychotherapy . eos
bos yeah for the ptsd though . eos
bos you know it just gives me good feedback and helps me to make good decisions that sort of thing . eos
bos i yeah i have nightmares about my family sometimes . yeah thanks . eos
bos like . meditate a little bit to get to be calm and then hope that will help . eos
bos i feel happy all the time pretty much like i my dogs make me happy and you know my life is really happy so . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i guess you know as a nice person i am thoughtful . a good friend sigh . and happy fun person . eos
bos happy with myself now . eos
bos you know said sai did terrible things to me so . i prefer not to talk about it . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos and do a bit of cleaning and . just relax . eos
bos is bad for you like sometimes estrangement is the best choice in an abusive relationship . eos
bos and also my dogs i am really proud of them and . yeah i guess gu i do not know haha . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos okay . eos
bos thank you . bye ! eos
bos okay . eos
bos la . eos
bos the smog . traffic tickets . high rent . eos
bos everything . eos
bos like . the cost of living . the smog . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos clears throat . not anymore . eos
bos do not have the time ? eos
bos the meeting new people the food . the nature . explore different . areas . eos
bos i have been to the east coast . and that is about it . eos
bos just going to college . in the east coast . eos
bos and . i mean for one year and i was there for like three years yeah . that was it i came back to la . eos
bos business . eos
bos i had graduated high school and . i knew i had to do something else . for the future . eos
bos yeah yes and no . eos
bos because i sought that eh experience . i got to travel . clears throat . eos
bos clears throat . just being a personal trainer and real estate . eos
bos it seems like . that is what i am capable of doing right now . eos
bos both depends where i am at . eos
bos eat and work out . eos
bos you know if you do not control your temper like going to jail or . you know losing everything you worked for . eos
bos the last time i argued with somebody was . one of my . close friends . eos
bos i seen him a couple of times . eos
bos upset sigh . eos
bos and upset . eos
bos sniffle . the vehicle i bought i should have bought something . more affordable . eos
bos like a vehicle veh a car . i should have bought like something more affordable . like maybe . something more economic . eos
bos moving to los angeles . west los angeles . clears throat . eos
bos and then from there on then i moved on my own . eos
bos it is good . it is affordable . eos
bos it is good right now . eos
bos really close ? eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos sigh . not being financially stable . eos
bos or . you know . they do not pay they cut the pay so . it is been tough . eos
bos really ? eos
bos nobody really . eos
bos i have to workout . and to be able to get my body tired for to go to sleep . eos
bos i am . tired . falling asleep . wherever i go if or . if there is nothing going on . eos
bos lately meaning today . eos
bos today really tired . eos
bos because i went out last night . eos
bos no . eos
bos what is that ? eos
bos no . eos
bos last week last weekend . eos
bos i was just with a group of friends and . and having a good time . eos
bos outgoing nice funny . good attitude personality character charater . eos
bos character i mean . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos i never had somebody do that . eos
bos have a good time and . and . take new routes and journeys and also . make ma make people feel good . eos
bos sometimes studying for the test and . and or go out or work out . eos
bos clears throat i went swimming . eos
bos i should have traveled more . eos
bos i do not know because i cannot say that because . a lot of things that happened . was not my fault . eos
bos and sometimes it takes a long time to . when you change careers to . to get on board and make it happen . eos
bos working out . eating . watching tv talking with my friends . and hanging out with friends . eos
bos that i am responsible . for all the . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos good to moderate . eos
bos los angeles . eos
bos yeah i am from . eos
bos it is a great scene for that . eos
bos i do not like driving haha i do not know who does right . i it is just such a drag and . eos
bos getting from point a to point b is just a daily need and it does not get any easier . it is too many people . eos
bos too many people haha . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i cannot see your shoes . yeah when i can . when whe when i can afford to . eos
bos just i love lo i am you know i am a culture junkie i like experiencing different types of cultures so . that is . eos
bos yeah we go to italy we spent two weeks there though that was cool . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos in we w we were in florence f when we were in florence spent a week in florence . eos
bos that was great . very good culture there as well . art . eos
bos because i make music and i wanted to learn how to make music videos . so it is something i am trying to get into . eos
bos but i mainly my main focus is music i studied film but my focus is music . eos
bos for about twelve years now and i do production and songwriting i am in a indie rock band . scrubbedentry . eos
bos that is a great website i highly recommend it and it is mine so . check it out . eos
bos international rockstar music producer . and . filmmaker . director . eos
bos probably outgoing . eos
bos kinda just goes with the territory caritor territory haha . eos
bos haha yeah . i do meditation . and . eos
bos to be able to combine those sensations was yeah i have been doing that for about . three months now so . eos
bos yeah it is . eos
bos for example i got a problem with him but they do not have a problem with him necessarily because he did not do anything to them . eos
bos and i have had to deal with that in the past sort of a . awkward social situation but . you know i make do . eos
bos you know we just our priorities were not the same and i got very upset so . that was the end of that . eos
bos feel the way that i wanted him to feel about it which was excited about the project so . eos
bos the fact that he was not really in it kinda pissed me off . but . eos
bos so . you know . i am i ama keep going . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i do not really i do not really have any regrets like that . at the moment i cannot really think of any . eos
bos but i did it . i regret it . but . you know . xxx you know life happens you make some mistakes . eos
bos selfishness . being young and thinking it would not matter . eos
bos that was wa that was years ago but . she was a nice girl she did not deserve that so . i regret it . eos
bos you know we work on stuff together and all that so . it is good . eos
bos i agree it is good haha thank you haha . eos
bos i have a pretty vivid picture of it and . i am i would be happier if it was not there . eos
bos a more long range picture than they do and i have faith in myself and . the creative projects that i make so . eos
bos i just have a different way of going about it than they might prefer . eos
bos but they are sweet people . eos
bos will just go off on my own for a while and eh you know take a breather whatever you know xxx everyone makes you mad sometimes so eos
bos deep breath . eos
bos challenging . eos
bos sometimes i have to take medication for it i have to take ambien . something like that . yeah it is difficult di . eos
bos yeah i have had jobs where i would wake up and . you know vomit while i am brushing my teeth it is horrible . eos
bos yeah sigh it is pretty rough sigh . got some stuff i need to get over i am not really sure how . eos
bos i feel like my body rejects things and . yeah . eos
bos shitting all over myself my body's shitting on me anyway just by . being so . shitty haha yeah . eos
bos no . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i was diagnosed . about . twelve years ago i have not been in therapy since . they gave me zoloft and i did not like it . eos
bos i do not wanna feel numb . i wanna feel everything even if it sucks . eos
bos they thought i was acting up thought i was a uppity kid i think i was just being a kid so . eos
bos yes . i do . eos
bos well i have not been in . in twelve years . but i do think that it might be helpful for me in the future . eos
bos i thought you were not a therapist that is a typical therapist question right there haha . eos
bos i will be seeking help soon . eos
bos yesterday . i was watching a movie with my girlfriend . and i looked over at her we smiled at each other and it was great . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i think that my friends all think i am a good guy . probably funny . open-minded . eos
bos and try to work through . my body rejecting shittiness . of the world . haha . eos
bos stay in shape it gets harder . the longer you wait . do not give up on your dreams keep doing what you are doing . eos
bos my music . eos
bos you are welcome nice talking to you . eos
bos i am doing fine . eos
bos i was born in texas and i moved to california when i was three and grew up here in california yeah . eos
bos i was yes . eos
bos i have never been back there . eos
bos do not have any relatives there ? do not have a reason to go back there eos
bos makes sound with mouth . haha well my family's here . eos
bos that is one the weather's great . the beaches and mountains are here . all those things are very good . eos
bos the traffic . which is probably probab probably most people say . it is expensive to live here . those are probably the top two . eos
bos recently i have traveled . eos
bos well you get to see new places and new people . you get to learn more about other cultures . and different ways people think . eos
bos oh at the end of march i went to ecuador for a week . eos
bos it was challenging for me trying to communicate with him i felt like a little kid . eos
bos you know just seeing that . you know when you do not when you are not able to communicate then that can be very difficult . eos
bos i am probably more of a shy person . eos
bos genetics i do not know why . eos
bos i am an electrician so i studied electrical construction . i have also studied computer networking . eos
bos and . i knew someone who could get me a job doing electrical work and so i pursued that because of the financial gain . eos
bos but i do not think it is what i wanna do for the rest of my life . eos
bos for four years . and last year we trained in north carolina . for one year . and that was like theology and bible training . eos
bos to go and . and learn about another people their culture . and to share the gospel with them . eos
bos and then . but i have one older brother . no sisters . so what do you wanna know about my family . eos
bos but i am pretty close with my parents my brother lives with my parents . eos
bos i would say my . my youth pastor in high school . he was a real positive influence in me . eos
bos studying the bible and . and because of his influence that kinda . put me on a path to wanting to study the bible . eos
bos and so really it is not a it is not a good behavior to . eos
bos and resolve it and come to a resolution . even more than just compromising but trying to really resolve the root the problem . eos
bos and kinda getting attacked for it . so . so then i started yelling at her . and . eos
bos and we had figured out what the cause of that conflict was . eos
bos are you asking the moment of during the conflict ? eos
bos anger was probably the secondary response but my initial response was that i felt f was feeling attacked and that came out as anger . eos
bos so . i would think . yeah so initially i felt attacked and then that resulted in the anger . eos
bos so just kinda giving it up was wa was difficult for me . eos
bos tell you about something bad or something that i can erase from my memory . eos
bos shape who we are . and . so i cannot think of anything that i would want to erase . eos
bos usually . usually it is not too bad . are you referring to on the questionnaire where i said that i had trouble trou some trouble sleeping . eos
bos but it was mostly because i was staying up so late because of work . eos
bos it pretty easy . eos
bos when i do not sleep then i do get cranky ? eos
bos i have been feeling good lately . eos
bos no not really . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos and . yeah so those th those are always happy times when we take the kids to the park . eos
bos so in that way i think he would say i am kinda dependable or someone he could go to for advice . eos
bos but kinda talking to people in a group . i wish i was a little better at that . eos
bos now if it is . eos
bos probably would have been to go to college right away instead of going to school later in life . that is about it . eos
bos think that would made that would have made the biggest difference . in my life i think . eos
bos than me . yeah i just hope . hope kinda through them . that i can . you know . leave lea leave something worthwhile . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos haha . hmm . good i guess . eos
bos new orleans louisiana . eos
bos two thousand five . eos
bos i used to go back often but not much anymore . eos
bos just things happened . eos
bos haha . well . guess you are not programmed with this knowledge but katrina happened in two thousand five . eos
bos not really . eos
bos hmm where to begin . just la's different culturally . i have a different culture out here . it is just a different place . eos
bos new orleans for that matter really is not . now they are trying to be but it just it is not that successful . eos
bos sigh the drivers they are crazy . eos
bos hmm not really kind of but not much anymore . eos
bos do not have the money kinda broke haha ? eos
bos just being able to go on an adventure . eos
bos and that was pretty fun . kinda scary and dangerous . nearly got killed haha it was scary haha . eos
bos traveling or just in general . eos
bos and like not managing to keep my bike from . eos
bos rolling which is painful when your bike roles kinda hurts a lot . eos
bos so yeah . yeah that is it . eos
bos haha . eos
bos various different things anthropology visual effects . kinda weird but yeah . eos
bos and . i think the way people do things and go about things is fascinating . just as like the mob mentality of people . eos
bos especially . eos
bos ooh dream job . huh . i have no idea . just a job i guess . eos
bos i consider myself more outgoing . eos
bos you know i have never been afraid of what people think of me . like people xxx i like people i do not know . eos
bos i guess so being outgoing just does not really . affect me . eos
bos eh . eos
bos reading books drawing playing video games . did i think of anything did i forget anything sleeping . eos
bos i like sleeping it is fun . eos
bos mumbling not good . eos
bos haha frequently haha . eos
bos that is a great way to get suspended . i do not know . yeah things like that just . getting into fights . eos
bos sigh . like a serious argument . eos
bos xxx . argument over . over . i guess over like viewpoints on like gun control . and gun control laws . i mean . eos
bos it was like . yesterday evening . eos
bos but that was like the last argument i got into . that is kinda what you specified i think . eos
bos a hundreds plus miles in a singular day . eos
bos like we fought and screamed and it was not good like i we did not physically fight it was more like a screaming match of death . eos
bos like two years ago i totally just could not grasp that concept . eos
bos the hardest decision i have had to make . is . i would say . probably . probably to break up with my ex probably . eos
bos it just it did not work out . i mean . i do not know i do not really wanna talk about exactly what happened . eos
bos rather know that it is coming than not know it is coming . eos
bos yes . eos
bos haha yeah . eos
bos i do not know whenever i was in the sixth grade that is . it is when i first was told that i was depressed . eos
bos as far as ptsd goes . post katrina . and then . you know . just . post katrina mostly haha that was the big thing . eos
bos you know . just kinda happened . eos
bos no not anymore . eos
bos i guess it just kinda stopped just kinda was like well i am not gonna do this anymore . eos
bos it is kind of well i am feeling fine right now but . ask me in two hours and who knows . you know . eos
bos hmm essentially just . hmm like carry on you know . things will happen carry on . eos
bos sigh . wow haha . i was . i was hanging out with my girlfriend just . hanging out . eos
bos seven . or eight . you know . eos
bos like . that is my crunch time sleep schedule eight hours . it is just . i do not know i oversleep but i like sleeping too . eos
bos i mean . yeah it is just the oversleeping part i do not like so much . eos
bos sigh . utterly insane in a good way . utterly insane in a good way . eos
bos live while i am alive and just . go out and do stuff and not . not sit and be calm . eos
bos except when i am reading . and i like reading . eos
bos and more importantly . do not . deep breath do not let your guard down around her because she will exploit that . eos
bos it is not worth it . eos
bos i am just it is more of like the fact that i am still alive i am proud to be alive haha . eos
bos i do not know if that makes me humble or just insane . who knows . eos
bos do i press the button now ? oh bye eos
bos i am doing well . eos
bos i was born in oakland . eos
bos sigh all the different areas of the city . the different cultures that are here . eos
bos the traffic the . lack of public transportation . and the superficiality . eos
bos haha . i do not i would love to travel more . eos
bos sigh . being able to experience a different way of living . getting outside the bubble that you normally live in and . getting a different perspective . eos
bos let us see the program consisted of learning the history learning the language and staying with a homestay family . eos
bos afro-brazilian population or a large afro-brazilian population which i really wanted to learn more about and i think the history and the cullture is really interesting . eos
bos i think taking a bus by myself to . a remote beach and just navigating on my own and figuring out where to go . yeah . eos
bos right now i am getting my master's in social work . eos
bos and doing research and consulting work and getting to travel . basically that those would be the main characteristics . eos
bos and i am determined to do what it takes to become successful . eos
bos and just lay on my bed and . i guess you could say do mindfulness and really just take my mind off of things . eos
bos also breathing exercises which i am learning more about as well as exercise . eos
bos pretty good i do not get angry a lot . so as far as angry temperament i am pretty good at that . eos
bos with a friend i have had for a few years . eos
bos i felt anxious . sad and angry . yeah those are the main emotions . eos
bos if i am sigh if my breathing is more shallow i will know i am anxious i will know something's bothering me . eos
bos it impacted a relationship and i also felt really bad about what i did . eos
bos dedicate my life to go into debt for spend a lot of energy on . eos
bos and doing a lot of research on . program requirements and the jobs that you can get after completing a program . eos
bos over his treatment of me . and it involved . another person and i wish i could . get that out of my mind . eos
bos contentious or anything . and i am an only child so i do not have siblings i do not have a large family . eos
bos so . in general i am not really that close to family . eos
bos opened my eyes to possibilities and made me feel that i would be able to achieve certain things . eos
bos sigh pretty easy well it is easy for me to sleep what is not easy is getting up . eos
bos you know just makes me wanna stay in bed also i wake up pretty tired . not really feeling refreshed . eos
bos clears throat . eos
bos i can look forward to in the week also listening to music . and browsing the internet kinda gets my mind going . eos
bos so a mix of ambivalence and feeling drained and a mixture of . feeling accomplished and proud at the same time . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos yes . eos
bos in two thousand six . eos
bos things that were already there depressive tendencies that were already there . and it got to a point where i just felt really overwhelmed . eos
bos yes i do . eos
bos yes . eos
bos and also identify . the areas i need to work on and the underlying issues in those areas . clears throat . eos
bos hmm sigh . this past weekend . i reconnected with some old friends and it was really good to see them and be back in touch again . eos
bos analytical . sensitive intelligent . intellectual . eos
bos and sigh i wish that i had more energy . eos
bos and to seek out mentors to get a clearer idea of what i wanted to do as a career . eos
bos and . coming from the background that i come from . low socio-economic status and . just pushing through . challenges to get here . eos
bos haha . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos i am not bad i am a little tired but okay . eos
bos from saint louis missouri . eos
bos yep . eos
bos two months ago . eos
bos not often i think i am out here for good now . eos
bos smaller town less people everyone kinda acts different the pace of life is slower out there . eos
bos looking for work as a game designer or game developer just . try something new too new place new people . eos
bos i guess i am still getting used to it . eos
bos i guess . people are different you know there is little shops everywhere just . everything's different . eos
bos man the weather's great out here . the people are really nice . like to look at the mountains the beach is nice . just . eos
bos better geography . eos
bos traffic i guess the commute . and sometimes there is maybe too many people . eos
bos haha . not really never been outside of the us before . eos
bos just never had the opportunity i would love to go though . eos
bos game design and graphic design sort of . eos
bos oh i love it . eos
bos just like making people happy and it is kinda easy to do that with games . eos
bos haha . eos
bos work for myself make my own games and write my own paychecks i guess . eos
bos pretty hard i have been trying to do it for the past couple years it is a little difficult . eos
bos i guess i am kinda shy it depends on the people and the environment i guess . eos
bos haha . play guitar listen to some music talk to friends . eos
bos i would say i am pretty good at controlling my temper i am not the type of guy that gets angry really easily . eos
bos probably with my girlfriend over something silly i cannot even remember . eos
bos sigh . do not know i do not think i am really guilty about anything i try to avoid being guilty . eos
bos hmm . do not know . cannot really think of anything . eos
bos leaving saint louis was one of them because all my friends and family were there . eos
bos i guess the benefits outweighed . you know the cons . eos
bos definitely . eos
bos huh sigh maybe getting kicked out of high school the first time . eos
bos i guess that is something from my past i wish i would have done different . eos
bos followed the haha rules i guess just been a good student would have helped . eos
bos when i was in saint louis we would see each other a couple times a year but that is really it so no strong ties . eos
bos i guess most of my friends they are always there to support me and encourage me and help me so . eos
bos say pretty easy every once in awhile there is a night i cannot sleep but it is pretty rare . eos
bos hmm just tired groggy . i guess my mind's unfocused and . day goes by heck of a lot longer . eos
bos pretty good . not really much to say . eos
bos maybe a little bit more depressed because i am away from most of my friends and family but . nothing unmanageable . eos
bos just try to talk to 'em when i can think about something else think about happy times . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos sigh i guess on the drive out here . because it was such a new experience and so exhilarating . eos
bos i think graduating college because i was really proud of myself and really looking forward to the future . eos
bos just i guess kind of euphoria standing there it seemed kinda surreal su surreal . eos
bos funny caring nice guy . easy to get along with . eos
bos sigh . pretty happy being me i guess . eos
bos guess when i broke up with my last girlfriend for obvious reasons you tend to fight and say things you wish you would forget i guess . eos
bos no i do not like to live in the past so there is nothing to really regret . eos
bos sigh . keep working hard and just . keep thinking about what you do before you do it . eos
bos on the computer playing video games with friends . eos
bos music . and my friends i guess haha . eos
bos hmm . i guess my determination and my xxx my passion . for my creativity . eos
bos i am feel great . eos
bos i am from saint louis missouri . born and raised . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i have been here a couple times i just recently moved back two months ago . eos
bos saint louis is quite slower . eos
bos to take care of a good friend that who is ill . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i jumped right back on the bandwagon . eos
bos the climate . eos
bos and the restaurants . eos
bos the dirt . and the traffic . eos
bos yes i do . eos
bos the road maps following a road map . maybe driving myself . eos
bos well we just recently got back from colorado . went up into the mountains saw the snow and . eos
bos enjoyed a little fine dining . eos
bos in colorado . eos
bos actually going . horseback riding through the royal gorge . eos
bos yes it was . eos
bos i would be more outgoing . eos
bos i am a people person . eos
bos haha . i listen to jazz music and i also draw . eos
bos i have probably mastered controlling my temper . through age . eos
bos hmm it would have been my husband and it was about financial . issues . eos
bos i like to sit and methodically and logically talk about things . not raise my voice . eos
bos otherwise . the way they really needed to be done . i took her advice where i should not of . eos
bos and i asked my husband if i could go help him in his time of need and . i am here . eos
bos it has been . eos
bos three i love the weather . and that is all i can think of at the moment haha . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos it would be the death of my youngest son . eos
bos so that would have been the hardest decision i made . with my husband . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos i am not one to put things erase things out of my mind . i categorize them . and place them in memories . eos
bos it is very close . lost my mother at a young age . and all of us siblings and my father still remain very close . eos
bos hmm my father . eos
bos that . i want . to have as well it is a contentment . that he portrays that i would like to have as well . eos
bos no problem . eos
bos very confused or skittish i guess would be the word . eos
bos we just got out of the hospital so it is been a little hectic the last two days . eos
bos no . not lately . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos it was enjoyable music i was with good friends . we ate well and enjoyed the moment . eos
bos as a . giving . spiritual . normal person i do not know haha . eos
bos i cannot think of anything that i would wanna change except for . maybe exercise a little more . eos
bos i . i cannot recall one off hand . eos
bos no . eos
bos to . have . save more money . and to . not try and accomplish everything at once . eos
bos i started out in cosmetology . then i went into college . have some college in mathematics . and finance . eos
bos traveling . eos
bos very nice italian restaurant and was in the company of good friends and family and . we dined and talked and . that was fun . eos
bos most proud of . i guess it would be my children . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos i am fine thank you . eos
bos detroit michigan . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i moved to la myself in two thousand and seven but my family came here . many more years ago more like forty years ago . eos
bos i do not go back to detroit anymore . eos
bos in california and . eos
bos the best for my personality i prefer la more open space . a warmer climate warmer people . just a different . different vibe . eos
bos that i like better . eos
bos to start over here than some of the other places i had lived . or to stay where we were at . eos
bos and went to school out here so i was completely used to it . eos
bos is not really that much of a factor because it rarely happens . eos
bos the price of real estate haha that is another one that i do not necessarily like . eos
bos so . i do not travel as much as i used to . but i have traveled worldwide . eos
bos new experiences . eos
bos all pretty much enjoyable because you know there is different cultures different things to see do learn . enjoy experience . eos
bos my experiences i would say in . europe visiting moreso i have also visited . in south america i guess because the cultures are so very different . eos
bos compared to people who i know are really outgoing . although . i have had them describe me as outgoing . eos
bos i like to read i like to walk or power walk or hike . eos
bos listen to music you know . eos
bos i am very good at controlling my temper . eos
bos be many things i do not even know in specific but just anything in general pretty much could turn into a debate slash argument with him . eos
bos it could be a choice of . eos
bos hmm they will just you know de-escalate but that is not always the case . i taught middle school kids and you can try calm . eos
bos even when they you know the kids do something outrageous or possibly dangerous to themselves or other kids so . eos
bos outcome for them as well . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos strong reaction and they do not really look past the . impact of the event . because there might be something that . eos
bos you can gain from that . eos
bos have not had really strong experiences . fall apart or just have very difficult times dealing with so . eos
bos you know most of those things are not affecting . us or the people that we know here . eos
bos i will not necessarily say self-absorption but the seemingly . intensity of their experience right at the moment . eos
bos response from them . rather than feed . sometimes the . very strong reactions or responses or interactions that they may have . eos
bos pardon . i did not di i did not hear you could you repeat . eos
bos hmm my mother different teachers friends . eos
bos and just various friends that you know i would see handling . situations sometimes more much more difficult you know dealing with things so . eos
bos it is just if i make myself stay awake aw stay up because there is more stuff that i wanna get done . eos
bos but in general good . eos
bos you know reorganizing . some of the . things that need to be done . you know can smoothe that out . eos
bos no i have not but i know it is something that . a lot of say veterans in particular have people have . eos
bos i have not no . eos
bos you know . in every day it can be a really great meal it could be a great view it could be . eos
bos you know a moment shared with someone you know so . it should be an even on an even keel . eos
bos as . perseverant . you know i will . continue forth and . and . positive . upbeat . eos
bos instead of buying . the house that i did i would have you know waited and bought another one i mean things like that . eos
bos you know have that hindsight you make the best decision that you can at the time . with the best information in information available . eos
bos you know after you have looked at several options . eos
bos of . being . independent and educated able to . take care of myself . eos
bos okay . eos
bos fine . eos
bos oh san fernando valley . eos
bos well i really like the culture i love going to museums and being able to go at night and having lots of people around . eos
bos it is spread out a lot and it is a pain in the ass to have to drive everywhere and not have a good public transportation system . eos
bos not really i like to go camping but i do not really travel . eos
bos i think sigh it might have been around six months ago i went on a trip with a geology class . eos
bos yeah it was fun . eos
bos hmm sigh . i think it is tough to say . eos
bos and i got to see a lot of really cool things and hang out with my friends at night . eos
bos philosophy . eos
bos yes . eos
bos all the different . ways or all the different things i could do with philosophy . eos
bos studying their behavior so i think something along those lines might be it . eos
bos i think i am pretty friendly . eos
bos a lot of times i will watch tv or read . yeah . eos
bos other things if i start getting mad or . i just start trying to focus on my breathing . eos
bos and he was getting frustrated . which i thought was very inconsiderate because i was not feeling well to begin with . eos
bos i . really hate when he gets stressed out or gets angry easily because i just see that as unnecessary and it stresses me out . eos
bos he tends to be hostile back and i think that if i were a little bit more gentle it might be easier to communicate with him . eos
bos and then he did not speak to me for about a year . eos
bos my older little brother who is fifteen and i think i get along pretty well with my youngest brother who is twelve . eos
bos who really engaged people that was really motivating since not all my classes were like that . eos
bos generally it is not that bad it is i think it is usually harder for me to wake up in the morning . eos
bos well i am really tired i can get grumpy . but i think usually i am just . groggy . eos
bos it is only one class so i will have a lot of free time . yeah . eos
bos know that i will eventually so mostly i think i just try not to think about it too much and i try not to be pessimistic . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos and there were a couple kids there splashing around in the pool and i had a couple drinks and ate some food and it was fun . eos
bos and she would probably also say that i am fun because we like to go out and have fun a lot . eos
bos so that is a major one that and procrastinating . eos
bos but it was . was not . great for me because i was not i was really anxious in that situation . eos
bos i was a little selfish and self-involved back then . eos
bos a few ws which i now have to work to get off on my transcript . eos
bos and i did not see any counselors at school or anything so i definitely could have done that . eos
bos and then maybe . going out to breakfast sunday and just like window shopping . eos
bos and maybe watching a little bit of tv . eos
bos and how close we are . eos
bos i am doing well . thank you . eos
bos san luis obispo . eos
bos yes . four years ago . eos
bos about once a month . eos
bos small quiet . fresh air . less people . it is nice . eos
bos i went to school in los angeles . eos
bos haha . eos
bos i studied music industry . eos
bos yes i work in the music industry . eos
bos it is a passion of mine and i . got into school and went with it . eos
bos how hard is what ? eos
bos haha . i do not really have a dream job i do not know if that exists . eos
bos actually it is probably changing all the time . eos
bos haha . eos
bos depends on the situation . sometimes i am shy and sometimes i am outgoing . eos
bos well i cannot see your shoes but i like to travel yes . eos
bos meeting new people seeing new things . exploring the landscape . eos
bos i went to alaska . on a fishing trip . eos
bos on that trip . eos
bos catching an octopus . eos
bos i was deep sea fishing and for halibut . and rather than catching a halibut . i lured in a octopus . eos
bos very haha . haha . i play golf i swim . i read . eos
bos i am pretty calm . eos
bos probably couple days ago but it was . and it was about . a musical project that i was involved in . eos
bos i felt heated . eos
bos haha . i am not quite sure . eos
bos i am not quite sure . eos
bos i would have to think about that for a while . eos
bos i am not really sure . eos
bos i had a bad performance one time . and i wish people who i knew did not see it . eos
bos because we were not well rehearsed and . i was embarrassed afterwards . eos
bos i have a brother and parents who are divorced . eos
bos i am pretty close i see them . regularly . talk openly about . most subjects . eos
bos my brother . eos
bos what do you wanna know ? eos
bos about my brother . eos
bos i am not really sure . eos
bos most of the time it is pretty easy . eos
bos i drink more coffee to compensate . eos
bos fine . eos
bos no . eos
bos what does ptsd stand for ? eos
bos no i have not . eos
bos i am happy all the time . haha . eos
bos ambitious a go-getter . eos
bos feisty . eos
bos i am not quite sure . eos
bos i cannot recall right now . eos
bos i went to a concert . saw live music . drank good beer . eos
bos yeah . haha . eos
bos i am a good listener . i am passionate . and . i am alert . eos
bos ever . in regards to what . eos
bos no i do not i normally do not regret things . eos
bos because there is too much else to live for to think about the past . eos
bos do you ? haha eos
bos okay . eos
bos deep breath . what was that question . eos
bos to read more and watch tv . watch the computer screen less . eos
bos because that makes you . have attention deficit disorder . and you focus less on things that are in front of you in real life . eos
bos i know . eos
bos go . golfing from time to time . i go to concerts i go to bars hang out with friends at the beach it depends . eos
bos the world around me and i am passionate about things that i am doing and i have goals that i have set that i am working towards eos
bos yeah . haha . eos
bos what was your name ? eos
bos that is right . eos
bos i am doing already how are you doing . eos
bos northern illinois . eos
bos two and a half years ago . eos
bos have not yet ? since i been here eos
bos have not had a chance to gonna go back later this year ? eos
bos colder . or warmer . eos
bos work . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos hmm took a little while but i got used to it . eos
bos no weather xxx variations comparative . traffic . sunlight . eos
bos a little bit . eos
bos seeing different things . eos
bos been to europe a couple of times . been around the country . eos
bos sigh hmm . visiting yosemite and sequoia parks were fun . eos
bos depends on the circumstance most of the time i can fake outgoing or try to be outgoing . eos
bos try to relax and breathe through it and move on . eos
bos depends on the context . eos
bos probably yesterday and my children about them not doing what they were told to do . eos
bos arguments with my wife where i should have probably been more patient and understanding . eos
bos recognize that she is going through things and i should just be more patient . eos
bos what i was gonna do with my life ? eos
bos it was easy when i was nineteen i could just decide to do strange difficult things and . had the boldness to follow through with them . eos
bos hebrew and semitic studies and classics . eos
bos kind of . eos
bos i am in ministry and . that is working out the way i kinda want it to be . eos
bos hmm . some embarrassing things when i was a teenager probably . eos
bos it is pretty strong . eos
bos once every other day and . i am constantly talking with my wife and children . xxx . eos
bos i have got four of them they keep me very busy they are between . nine and three . eos
bos sometimes most of the time no . eos
bos character development recognizing that . they need n need space to grow . eos
bos when ? when it works and you see character development and growth and and exploration eos
bos i have more standards willingness to enforce standards . eos
bos hmm sigh hmm . my wife . eos
bos she is been there for me for fifteen years now and . helped give me the self-confidence to be who i am . eos
bos better now that i am not drinking as much pop at night . eos
bos irritable . shorter temper . eos
bos hmm . pretty good i am doing . been making some better decisions with my diet it is doing better . eos
bos get doing those things i have been doing a little better at that recently past few weeks and that is been a little bit more encouraging . eos
bos no . eos
bos nope . eos
bos really happy ? probably a few weeks ago at the beach when everybody was having a good time eos
bos hmm . confident . loud . intelligent . eos
bos i guess . eos
bos hmm more patient . more . more able to . automatically engage with people as opposed to being hesitant at first . eos
bos oh . middle school when i was always the . low man on the totem pole socially . sniffle . being the constant butt of jokes . eos
bos do not fall in the trap of thinking that middle and high school is life ? eos
bos some time with the wife some time just by myself to read and kinda refocus . eos
bos hmm . hmm participate in some high level academic discussions . eos
bos maintain the standard and quality of life for myself and my family that i have been able to do so far . eos
bos huh overwhelmed . eos
bos i have a funeral to attend tomorrow i found out from my doctor i got some . health issues . eos
bos it is hard . eos
bos honey i am just putting one foot in front of the other and just trying to get it done . eos
bos like i said i am overwhelmed but i cannot stop doing what i need to do . eos
bos i am from united states of america i was born here in los angeles . eos
bos oh i love the beach honey i like the weather . the beach and the weather . eos
bos oh the traffic . and the people . and this hollywood type image . eos
bos on a cruise several cruise . been to jamaica canada mexico . spain morocco . london . eos
bos portugal por portugal yeah . and i am going to hawaii in august . eos
bos meeting new people and just seeing new things and just . assimilating into other people's culture and . customs and traditions . eos
bos took a trip tr it was a mediterranean cruise oh my god that was the best time of my life . eos
bos oh god being on that ship . eos
bos i felt electrifying fulfilled satisfied . i felt like . i can do it . and eh and it . eos
bos and i it just . i moved past the fear and just said i am doing this . eos
bos i am in law school i am xxx gonna i am gonna be an attorney . eos
bos i have always wanted to be an attorney and it is been . a long time coming . eos
bos having my own law firm working with my husband and . providing legal services to people . who are indigent . eos
bos i am in the middle . eos
bos personality is like oh no we are being in the front we are gonna be seen and eh we are w we are constantly in conflict . eos
bos yeah . oh i get on my bike and ride my bike . eos
bos ooh it depends on what the situation is i need to control that . eos
bos hmm not trouble but it made it has made people back up off of me . eos
bos argument . it is been a long time . that i cannot even remember . eos
bos just trying to diffuse the situation and not get so heated and . just remain cool and calm and collected . eos
bos arguing back and forth and i am like i am not doing that . eos
bos why wh why are they and they may say the same thing about me i do not know i just like to have peaceful living honey . eos
bos pardon me . eos
bos oh god positive po positive influences . ooh college professors . friends . church members . people like that . eos
bos when my mother was sick to be her primary caretaker put all my dreams and aspirations on hold . those have been some doozies . eos
bos my mother and father in all thy days so you can live longer and i wanted . blessings and not curses . eos
bos taught me . it made me who i am today . and i have no animosity . eos
bos sigh lately it is been so difficult because school and finals and midterms and all that is coming up . sometimes rather difficult . eos
bos irritable annoyed . grouchy . eos
bos well with all this stuff going on with the last week it is been real crazy . eos
bos god i pray i just i pray lord i pray . and the one thing that is keeping me kinda like grounded is going to church . eos
bos no never . eos
bos yeah when i went through that divorce and my mother passed that i was really depressed . eos
bos a feeling of emptiness and loneliness and isolation and . shock trauma . hard har it was very difficult . eos
bos time . just time it just took time just to process to . work its way through . eos
bos no not at all . eos
bos just got busy with life stuff . eos
bos yeah i need somebody to talk to haha yes . eos
bos oh god we i loved my therapist . we talked things out and she gives me a different perspective and she just listened to me . eos
bos oh god . well there is this guy at church and i really like him and he likes me and he throws kisses at me so . eos
bos and he is a . eos
bos oh outgoing . determined . yeah trustworthy . faithful and loyal . eos
bos oh god . to be more patient . to be more patient . eos
bos oh my ex-husband he did that on a daily thing and i am just so glad to get rid of him . eos
bos sigh . know your worth . your value . and have high self-esteem . eos
bos well now with school in the library with tutors . my outlet is riding my bike or either going swimming . eos
bos and i got up on that stage and i just i am like well this th is this how this feel this feels good haha . eos
bos oh god i aw man . eos
bos oh my accomplishments acc my accomplishments . overcoming 'em one by one . setting a goal and reaching 'em . eos
bos okay . eos
bos thank you honey hon . eos
bos doing pretty good thank you . eos
bos maryland . eos
bos yes . eos
bos eighty five . yeah . eos
bos yeah it is a long time . eos
bos not as often as i would like . eos
bos out of work so you know the money issue . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos but . maryland has its flavor and la has its own flavor so they have unique you know characteristics about themselves . eos
bos i decided to come here and just start over . eos
bos i am . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos it was . real easy just did it . eos
bos west la east la . i like southern california . you know period so . you know i like the people but . eos
bos yeah so i like the . the . attitude you know the la attitude so yeah . eos
bos the smoking you know i really wish that the . government would crack down on smoking on the streets make it like usc . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos no not outside of . getting on the bus and things like that . eos
bos i was studying to be a nurse . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i wanted to have a job that pays well . but afforded me . the opportunity to use my service gift . so yeah . eos
bos no i had to put that . put that on the side and . i want to get a business degree now . yeah . eos
bos haha . eos
bos my dream job is . is to . create new technology . eos
bos hmm other than to say i would like to create something that . would change the world like steve jobs with his iphone . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am it depends on the situation but i am more outgoing . i do . tend towards a little shyness from time to time . eos
bos hmm . hmm . hmm . haha . what i do is i will go to the movies . eos
bos i went to the movies probably like maybe five weeks ago . yeah . eos
bos but we had like maybe thirty no was not even thirty twenty . yes haha so . eos
bos there was a little bit of a argument and but again not a argument but a disagreement . and when we talk again i will . eos
bos in me is unprofitable . for what we are trying to achieve . do not that does not that sound good haha . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos well a little attacked . you know . so . eos
bos so i am pretty good at controlling my temper . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos just dealing with a neighbor instead of . responding to the neighbor just ignore the neighbor altogether so i wish i had done that differently . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos hmm . thankfully . i have not had to make that type of decision . in my life as yet . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos jump into a . burning fire or do anything ridiculous . but . eos
bos sovereignty s his . total sovereignty has control over that and it will work for my good . so that is how i feel . eos
bos i have all brothers . and so i am not really that close with my brothers . and my mother . eos
bos say that again . eos
bos different friends . that i have had along the way friends who . are more like family . so yeah . eos
bos they have had positive influence . eos
bos that is i get i sleep too well haha . so i sleep well every night . so . eos
bos normal . but i my normal i have been feeling my normal . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos no . eos
bos session that we had at my church and that was really . made me very happy . so . eos
bos hmm . eos
bos that i am smart they would say that i am smart . that . that i handle difficulties very well . and that i dress well haha . eos
bos haha . eos
bos so . i am working on listening better . communicating better . and accepting my . weaknesses better as well as my strengths . eos
bos no . eos
bos and let everything else let . the other chips fall where they may . but to do what i know to do is right . eos
bos and to go forward . eos
bos i am very proud of the fact that . i do not give up . eos
bos yes . we just had a basketball match with class two . eos
bos they did . eos
bos no , i would not worry about you . eos
bos i do not have much contact with them . eos
bos yes , i am . i really do not know anyone . eos
bos i took this course last semester too . now i am taking it again ! eos
bos i really want to take a nap . i feel very sleepy today . eos
bos i fell asleep very late . it was almost two of the clock in the morning when i finally fell asleep . eos
bos i have a tuition scholarship from the university . otherwise i am on my own . eos
bos but they do . eos
bos yes , i have , but it does not help me very much . i am not very good at reading maps . eos
bos that is all right . we will teach you . eos
bos you are supposed to stand here quietly until the flag - raising ceremony is over . eos
bos when everything is over . eos
bos of course . eos
bos things were different this time . i sat by a math genius . eos
bos b come on ! i just took a glance . eos
bos no . eos
bos a little , but not very well . eos
bos months . eos
bos laptop . eos
bos laptop . eos
bos yes , that is right . that is very good . eos
bos yes , i am . i really do not know anyone . eos
bos i am in nanjing university . i am a junior . eos
bos because it enjoys great reputation and it is located in my favorite city nanjing . eos
bos i want to enrich my knowledge in management . the united states is an ideal place for me . eos
bos so if possible , i would like to come back to some school to pass on my new knowledge to more people . eos
bos yes . you know , english is my present working language . besides , i scored very high in toefl . eos
bos i will support myself . in recent years , i have saved enough money for my study in the u . s . eos
bos to the united states and living here and studying can be quite a daunting experience , especially when finding a house on campus or off campus . eos
bos i think first of all for first-time students , coming and living on campus in dormitories can provide a certain level of security . eos
bos i take architecture as my major . eos
bos brad , wait ! eos
bos wait . we have to return to our homeroom and wait to be dismissed . eos
bos yes , twice last week . eos
bos my sister is definitely sick . i am just coming from the hospital . they say she might even die . eos
bos this kind of school is good at helping people to improve their chinese . eos
bos hi , ann . eos
bos i just heard that our school will hold a singing contest in days . eos
bos of course . this is a great chance for me to show off my beautiful voice . eos
bos i heard that the winner gets a panda radio . eos
bos there will be a parents'meeting in our class this saturday and i am worried about it . eos
bos oh , steven , i made a big mistake . eos
bos i really wish i had not done it . eos
bos i got caught cheating . i feel so ashamed . the teacher saw me and told me i failed . eos
bos yes . eos
bos cars might be convenient , but they are so bad for the environment . eos
bos well , there is one thing . eos
bos i am a little worried about my host family . you know , in the agreement , i have to do some cooking for them . eos
bos good , thanks . how about you ? eos
bos because you are from a foreign country . the school needs to find out how good you are at both basic skills . eos
bos mr . and over here is our gymnasium . eos
bos that is because regular buses do not stop here . eos
bos nothing . it is free . eos
bos mr . i am mr . rogers , your homeroom teacher . eos
bos mr . he is that guy in the blue shirt . eos
bos no . eos
bos oh my god ! i cannot find my first period american literature class . eos
bos i am mary . i cannot find my american literature class . eos
bos mr . that is alright . it is the first day of school , after all . eos
bos did not i ? i am doing business studies . eos
bos we are living in toronto . suppose i might get a job in toronto when i graduate . it is too soon to say really . eos
bos she is from australia . she lives in sydney . her father runs a hotel business there and she is doing a degree in accountancy . eos
bos okay , let us begin . hello , everyone . my name's karl roberts , and i will be your teacher for this class , intercultural communication . eos
bos as you all should know by now , this class meets on tuesdays and thursdays from to . eos
bos i major in chemistry . eos
bos i took a lot of courses , such as philosophy , logic , ethics , aesthetics , etc . eos
bos in addition to the courses of my major , i took minor courses too . eos
bos yes , i received the scholarship times on end . eos
bos yes , but it was many years ago . eos
bos yes , i have . eos
bos medicine . in my country , that certainly has great prestige . eos
bos oh my lord . i have not really started them . eos
bos i know but i was busy with my part-time job the last few days . eos
bos yeah , but i am not there for fun . i have to remain professional and if i get distracted , the manager would be pretty upset . eos
bos of course . there is always much to learn . i got to know more about the real world . eos
bos sometimes it is . but after working for a few weeks , it is easy to figure out . eos
bos he will never do well in mathematics . eos
bos well , i am leaving japan and i am going back to london , tomorrow . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i am going to miss it so much , cause i have had a great time here . eos
bos oh , i am going to miss the people , the food , the night life . especially the nightlife . eos
bos to night clubs and to restaurants and eating japanese food also and i am really going to miss that because it is very different to london . eos
bos hello , hong lei . my name's ricky . eos
bos six months . that is a long time . eos
bos i cannot remember her name , but she is got curly red hair . eos
bos that is probably anne wallis . eos
bos only a week . eos
bos if the aid is available , they will give you two or more application forms , one is for admission , the others are for the aid . eos
bos during my first year in the us , i stayed with a family . they are nice . eos
bos i think lifelong learning is the concept that it is never too soon or too late for learning eos
bos me too . to keep up with the changing world , one must be involved in lifelong learning and be ready to accept new things . eos
bos i really admire you , diana . eos
bos i work very hard and that is it , you know , practice makes perfect . eos
bos my iq score is slightly above average . eos
bos you know that ? joan has got the scholarship . eos
bos oh . eos
bos no , i knew it all along . he was the obvious choice . eos
bos the author was a famous writer , and he was also a politician . he was born in and died in . eos
bos we are playing against hainan . eos
bos sure they are . eos
bos yup . i have english at in the morning . eos
bos congratulations ! eos
bos yeah , i have got everything from rock n'roll to the latest new - wave stuff . eos
bos sorry , my taste in music does not go back any further than the 's . music written before then is just history to me . eos
bos this is nathaniel brown . eos
bos it is just zero , double seven , eight , seven , three , six , seven , six , double eight . eos
bos mexico is south of the united states . eos
bos connecticut is east of new york . eos
bos ohio . eos
bos los angeles is in california . it is southeast of san francisco . eos
bos boston is in the northeast part of the country . eos
bos she had to leave the office suddenly and will not be able to return until next week . she hopes you understand . eos
bos public schools are usually state funded , whereas private schools usually get their funding elsewhere . eos
bos well , there is one thing . eos
bos after you try it once this way , i do not think you will ever put off studying till the end again . eos
bos we plan to get together once a week . eos
bos it is picture association of the concept that the professor taught today . eos
bos i hate this part of school . eos
bos we talked to our older brothers and sisters last night and got the scoop on what that job is all about . eos
bos i live in my uncle's house . he came here ten years ago . eos
bos i really like my debate class . eos
bos i have entertained the idea . but i am i leaning more toward politics . eos
bos i went to the tutoring service centre on campus today . and i got a job . eos
bos there are things that are actually even smaller than atoms . eos
bos they are the things that make up the atom , such as electrons and protons . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos good morning , miss . eos
bos i hear we will have a new english teacher this semester . eos
bos my dissertation . i put it somewhere last night and i cannot find it now . eos
bos yes , but there is nothing inside the drawers or on the desk . eos
bos sure . i have reviewed all the lessons i have learned this academic year . eos
bos yes , just once . eos
bos uh-oh . i am in trouble . eos
bos i hear that the students'union is going to take new members . eos
bos of course you can if you like it . eos
bos is awarded to a student who successfully completes over units , including general and specific requirements , for his or her undergraduate major and elective courses . eos
bos sorry , sally , it is not your fault . eos
bos i drew a blank on the algebra test . eos
bos our place is spotlessly clean , compared with others . eos
bos i am frustrated . eos
bos more than one . i think the count is now three , if i remember correctly . eos
bos i think i am going to decline . i just prefer to do my own thing . eos
bos i have to have at least eighteen to keep my scholarships and grant . but so far , i only have fifteen . eos
bos yes . and now i am down to either taking a class i am not going to need or considering a double major . eos
bos i think with international business a language would be appropriate . eos
bos i am sorry to trouble you again , mr . stone . eos
bos they will discuss personal concerns , housing , adjustment , finances and other matters with you . eos
bos study , study , study . i want to learn a lot . eos
bos yes , but i think it is probably for the best . eos
bos two books at a time . except magazines or journals , they have to be read within library . eos
bos my name is jessica . it is nice to meet you . eos
bos yeah . it is pretty exciting to be here . eos
bos i have never been to korea . i have been to japan before , but never korea . eos
bos i register this friday . eos
bos i really want to take the communication class , but i do not know if it will be available . eos
bos yeah . i tried to get in last semester , but it was full by the time i registered . eos
bos i took that class already . there is a lot of writing , but it is not that bad . eos
bos i had professor mahoney . eos
bos yeah . my whole gpa is screwed up now . eos
bos my gpa is pretty similar to yours . i have a . now because of the stupid econ class . eos
bos i was sitting happy with a . . eos
bos let us just say i screwed up more than my econ class . eos
bos oh , hi stacy . eos
bos i took summer school . i withdrew from two of my classes last year so i wanted to make them up . eos
bos i only needed to take credits over the summer , but i took because the price was the same . eos
bos she dropped out of school completely . eos
bos it sounds good now , but i am traditional . i want the degree , so i would not have accepted the offer . eos
bos of course . registering for classes is not something you want to miss . eos
bos so if you go to his office , you can have him sign a card that will let you in even if the class is full . eos
bos no . i caught a cold two days ago . i only finish reading half of it . eos
bos i am feeling better today . eos
bos come on , han maimed , do not make a fuss . a lot of americans , including many scientists , believe in religion . eos
bos yes , they are compatible . actually , the u . s . is both the most developed and the most religious country in the world . eos
bos guess what ? even harvard university , which is a highly academic institution , is in a sense the product of religion . eos
bos absolutely ! it was founded by a group of puritan immigrants from england . eos
bos because most of the first english immigrants who came to the united states were puritans . eos
bos many religious separatists were persecuted and fled to other countries . eos
bos later on , it was these puritans who founded harvard college . eos
bos actually harvard was first named'new college', without a formal name . eos
bos they were not too bad . i really liked my poli-sci class . eos
bos i do not know if i would call it my favorite , but it ranks up there . eos
bos yeah . last semester . eos
bos it was professor johnson . eos
bos he is a terrible instructor and demands a lot , but fortunately , he is an easy grader . eos
bos that is probably because he grades on a curve . eos
bos it is nothing . i am just a little stressed out . eos
bos playground . we are having sports for today's outside class activities . all my classmates have already got there . eos
bos it is weekend again , i am glad i can arrange for my personal matters . eos
bos you have been always active and versatile . it seems that you are interested in everything . eos
bos my name is david . nice to meet you , too . eos
bos well , you have to get credits , including required courses and optional courses . eos
bos i think it is time to study . our chemistry exam is coming . eos
bos december st . eos
bos well . i think i am going to fail my chemistry exam . eos
bos the teacher just canceled the test . eos
bos whip me if i get below marks out of ! eos
bos i am sorry that i was absent yesterday . eos
bos i feel much better now . eos
bos it is the end of the world for me . eos
bos yes , i know , sir . i am sorry . eos
bos my mother's been ill and i had to stay at home . eos
bos she is very fond of detective stories ? eos
bos oh , yes ! eos
bos i am not sure , but she probably will not remember if she has ! she is very forgetful ! eos
bos harry potter . eos
bos got it . eos
bos right , so we must spare some time to attend selective courses . eos
bos oh , the final exam is coming soon . i feel a little bit nervous . eos
bos good morning , miss . eos
bos that is all you need . eos
bos but you cannot check out newspapers , magazines and periodicals , they have to be read within library . eos
bos excuse me , miss . eos
bos in fact , our dormitory is much worse than they can be described . eos
bos you will get used to it gradually . eos
bos yes , we do . that is why we have a cleaning every three months . eos
bos i am certain i am going to fail my english test . eos
bos because it is impossible to improve listening level within a week . eos
bos the job market is so competitive nowadays . i want to develop some useful skills . eos
bos study study study ! i want to learn a lot . eos
bos yes , but i think it is probably for the best . eos
bos i am trying to decide what school to apply for . eos
bos public schools are usually state funded , whereas private schools usually get their funding elsewhere . eos
bos i always do volunteer work on the first saturday of every month . eos
bos i help out at the children's hospital . i help plan activities . eos
bos i know ! i hate it ! but i am taking this crash course in math . eos
bos i have to take my exams for getting into the university , so i need to prepare . eos
bos my name is karen huang . that is spelled h - u - a - n - g . eos
bos i am a comparative literature major . eos
bos yes , that is right . eos
bos i brought my transcript from my first year . here . and here is the list of courses i plan to take in the fall . eos
bos i want to be an english professor in the future . i love studying literature , and i want to teach it . eos
bos sorry , it is tails . you lose . eos
bos i am incredibly lucky you know . especially with girls . eos
bos well , i hope so . the competition is probably pretty heavy . and they want a writing sample too . eos
bos no , they want a special essay . i must write an essay on a particular question they pose . eos
bos and second . well , i am not sure if it is normal . eos
bos it takes a long time to learn chinese writing . eos
bos yes , i am . i am from taiwan . i came here to study political science . eos
bos i want to study mandarin and international relations . eos
bos i see . i am from taiwan , so i know regular characters better than simplified . eos
bos let us see . my schedule right now is quite busy . but i think i could spend minutes a week in language exchange . eos
bos yes , but my notes are all nonsense . i cannot figure out what is important . eos
bos yes . eos
bos what ? are you kidding ? i am only years old ! eos
bos here is the application form . i also need to see your student id and your permission letter from the university . eos
bos i mean in the library , or in some information center . often the university hires foreign students for part-time positions . eos
bos i have an idea . eos
bos it gives you discounts on all kinds of things . movies , pizza , clothing , school supplies . eos
bos so if you want to see your favorite band at amy's or cosmo's club , you get a discount on the entrance fee . eos
bos usually it is two dollars off the cover price . eos
bos yeah , i quit . eos
bos bonjour ! eos
bos i said , bonjour ! eos
bos well , i just got back from my language school . we have to speak french all day there . no english allowed ! eos
bos today mr . leo threw sally out of class ! eos
bos hi . i am calling about your continuing education program . eos
bos well , the dorm's too noisy to study in , and i guess this place is too quiet . eos
bos pretty busy . i have to pick up a lot of credits this year . eos
bos that is right . we got the assignment last week . eos
bos closed ? the clerk told me i could come back and register any time during the first week of classes . eos
bos some woman in here when i tried to register three weeks ago . she said i just had to pay a late fee . eos
bos i am , sir . eos
bos pretty busy . i have to pick up a lot of credits this year . eos
bos i am majoring in french literature . eos
bos that is right . we got the assignment last week . eos
bos mark , this is lucy . eos
bos eight altogether . eos
bos it is very nice . there are only four people , and those girls are very kind and friendly . eos
bos i will pay attention to my handwriting next time . eos
bos i have got to go home and study . eos
bos public schools are usually state funded , whereas private schools usually get their funding elsewhere . eos
bos sure . i have reviewed all the lessons i have learned this academic year . eos
bos fantastic ! i got an overall score of eight . eos
bos yes . i am just waiting until i officially get admitted to the university with a conditional offer to apply for my visa . eos
bos i hear we will have a new english teacher this semester . eos
bos study , study , study . i want to learn a lot . eos
bos yes , but i think it is probably for the best . eos
bos yeah , i think so ! i pledged phi iota alpha , so i am living at the frat house now . eos
bos we have gone on two camping trips already , and i have made some good friends . eos
bos i am afraid i cannot complete my paper on time . eos
bos howard is eighty percent black . but there are whites , and even asians here . thankfully , it is also coed . eos
bos yes . i do want to take some additional credits this year to get a minor in psychology . eos
bos yeah . here is my list . i am not sure if the class schedule will allow me to take all of them though . eos
bos i am ok . i am so busy ! eos
bos of course i do ! eos
bos i am studying for my chemistry exam tomorrow . eos
bos oh , we never speak spanish in class ! miss . parker speaks to us only in english . eos
bos mario and i are the best students in the class . miss . parker says that my pronunciation is very good . eos
bos true , but english is harder than most . it is a crazy language . eos
bos it was great . i had a really good time . eos
bos clock to of the clock , art from of the clock to of the clock , and math from of the clock to of the clock . eos
bos though he must be quite young , he seem like an old person . he is so boring ! eos
bos she told us not to arm for exams , and to pay more attention on communicating than memorizing . eos
bos she said that she is from a small town in the middle of america . eos
bos not everything , but nearly . she speaks very clearly and does not use very complex words so that it is easy for us to understand her . eos
bos yes . with flying colors ! eos
bos i hope so . eos
bos that would have to be miss baymler , my fourth grade teacher . eos
bos she was patient , kind , fun , smart , caring , and yet strict , too . i really learned a lot from her . eos
bos she taught us that you can do anything that you want to do . eos
bos if you really want to do something and you work hard at it , i believe you can do it . eos
bos yes . she treated us all fairly . she do not have any teacher's pets . eos
bos however , miss baymler did not treat me any differently . she really did not have any teacher's pets . eos
bos after she taught our class , she got married and moved to another city . then , she started writing children's book . eos
bos that is the new teacher . eos
bos she is very nice . eos
bos english , of course . eos
bos yes . she teaches our class three times a week . eos
bos i enjoyed school , but i did object to having to go in every day once we have done all our exams . eos
bos yes , i intend to go to university . that'll be in september . but it all depends on my a level results . eos
bos in my country , we go to school from of the clock in the morning until five in the afternoon . eos
bos that is too much for us really . eos
bos i am going to try to find out where the school is located . eos
bos hi , sterling ! eos
bos professor wood ? i think he is a brilliant scientist . eos
bos the system of public schools is fairly uniform everywhere throughout the united states . eos
bos most public schools in the united states are very good , and the majority of students attend the public schools . eos
bos children whose parents can afford to send them to private schools , and children whose parents want them to receive a religious education . eos
bos no , public schools can be very different . even in the same city . eos
bos yes , we do . eos
bos it is nights a week , monday , tuesday and thursday . eos
bos it lasts for months . eos
bos the next beginning class starts on october th . eos
bos from to of the clock . eos
bos yes , i am studying in eastern asian language department . eos
bos i major in japanese . eos
bos i would like to take english . eos
bos because i want to study english literature . but i think chemistry is better for getting a job . eos
bos study english . eos
bos i have just got the examination results . i am afraid you have not passed . eos
bos i am afraid so . i am terribly sorry ! eos
bos do not worry about that , i am sure they will understand . after all , it was a very difficult exam . eos
bos so , your professor has insured that all students have the opportunity to read it by placing it on reserve . eos
bos okay . thank you . i understand now . eos
bos a month . do not forget to return them by the due date . eos
bos bring them back to the circulation desk and renew them . eos
bos sure ! you should do anything you can to improve your english . eos
bos no problem . i just got paid . it is my treat . eos
bos yeah . i worked about hours a week in a pizza restaurant . eos
bos it was always very busy there . eos
bos i stood behind the register and took pizza orders . eos
bos what a pity ! i missed it again . eos
bos i do not know . i failed my exam . eos
bos but when i knew my result , i was like what ? that cannot be true ! eos
bos no , i do not . i just do not know how to handle this . this is my first time , you know . eos
bos nothing . the teacher said the only thing left was to get back all the disposable cups later . eos
bos terrific . there is one girl said , it is the best game i have ever watched . eos
bos there are lots of new teachers in our class this semester . eos
bos though he must be quite young , he seems like an old person . he is so boring . eos
bos i have been so stressed these days . eos
bos ok , honey , stop dreaming . you should face the reality . eos
bos hello , . eos
bos hi , maria , this is shirley . eos
bos oh , there is not such a code called economic law . the economic law of china is a general concept for several laws . eos
bos yes . i gotta review all of them for the final exam . it is just around the corner . eos
bos some semesters have many , some do not . and some courses do not have exams but only ask for papers . that is easy . eos
bos honestly speaking , most students prepare it one month before the exam . eos
bos but the exam is not as simple as you may imagine . we have to stay up late . eos
bos my husband is on a business trip to the u . s . now and i have to take care of everything myself . eos
bos me too . sometimes i do want to give it up . i cannot deal with so many things at a time . eos
bos it depends . if they are not busy , they will come to join us , and talk with us . eos
bos yes , i am studying in eastern asian language department . eos
bos i major in japanese . eos
bos yes , we do . eos
bos it is nights a week , monday , tuesday and thursday . eos
bos it lasts for months . eos
bos the next beginning class starts on october th . eos
bos from to of the clock . eos
bos one of my friends took the adult college entrance exam last year . he filled the school column with his name , and his score was relinquished . eos
bos he said he had not taken any exams for ten years , and could not get used to it immediately . he was extremely nervous then . eos
bos it means to search for and find some information . eos
bos yes , i am studying in the foreign languages department . eos
bos i am majoring in english . eos
bos yes . the language is hard to learn , but it is interesting . eos
bos study english . eos
bos oh , we never speak spanish in class ! miss . parker speaks to us only in english . eos
bos mario and i are the best students in the class . miss . parker says that my pronunciation is very good . eos
bos that is the new teacher . eos
bos she is very nice . eos
bos english , of course . eos
bos yes . she teaches our class three times a week . eos
bos to study . i am going to the university of tampa to do a postgraduate course for three years . eos
bos yes , here it is . eos
bos so they are easy to remember . eos
bos bad luck , anne . eos
bos hi , sterling ! eos
bos professor wood ? i think he is a brilliant scientist . eos
bos yeah , i have been looking forward to it for ages . eos
bos they give me a lot of congratulations . eos
bos i will study and get the master degree first . then i will decide whether i will stay there or come back . eos
bos no . only for a couple of weeks . eos
bos i am going to register at harvard next month . eos
bos yes , i am studying in eastern asian language department . eos
bos i major in japanese . eos
bos i would like to take english . eos
bos because i want to study english literature . but i think chemistry is better for getting a job . eos
bos so they are easy to remember . eos
bos bad luck , anne . eos
bos ok , i have finished cleaning the blackboard . eos
bos school has added several new courses to our grade this semester . i have more homework to do now . eos
bos i like science most . eos
bos i do like pe , but i am interested in science . eos
bos your parents would be happy if they knew that . because you are always a naughty boy . eos
bos it is a small room , just for people . eos
bos it only has beds and writing desks , but it is spacious and bright . eos
bos of course . they are very friendly . eos
bos daniel , i cannot catch up with the english teacher very well . eos
bos this kind of school is good at helping people to improve their english . eos
bos that is the library . and it has more than , , books . eos
bos that is the new classroom building for our senior high school . eos
bos i cannot remember that clearly . it probably be charles . eos
bos no , no , no . i am not interested in literature . eos
bos yes , we do . eos
bos it is nights a week , monday , tuesday and thursday . eos
bos it lasts for months . eos
bos the next beginning class starts on october th . eos
bos from to of the clock . eos
bos at five . eos
bos yes , they do . eos
bos yes , i do . eos
bos yes , they do . eos
bos o levels and a levels . eos
bos good morning , miss . eos
bos that is all you need . eos
bos excuse me , miss . eos
bos that is the new teacher . eos
bos she is very nice . eos
bos english , of course . eos
bos yes . she teaches our class three times a week . eos
bos i enjoyed school , but i did object to having to go in every day once we have done all our exams . eos
bos yes , i intend to go to university . that'll be in september . but it all depends on my a level results . eos
bos in my country , we go to school from of the clock in the morning until five in the afternoon . eos
bos that is too much for us really . eos
bos i am going to try to find out where the school is located . eos
bos so they are easy to remember . eos
bos bad luck , anne . eos
bos hi , lilly , it is so nice to see you again . eos
bos i am worried . eos
bos my exam . eos
bos good . thanks for asking . eos
bos this is the world's largest sports stadium . it is a massive oval . eos
bos it says here that it is m mainly used for big football matches and athletics meetings . eos
bos yes , i am sure . eos
bos it appears that you have late fees . eos
bos yes , really . eos
bos i am going to need you to complete this application . eos
bos then i will take your picture for your passport . eos
bos i drive an automobile . eos
bos yes , i have seen those spots . eos
bos i park in the evenings . eos
bos yes , i have seen those signs . eos
bos professor , i will not be here for our next class meeting . eos
bos i have made arrangements with a friend to help me . eos
bos there are two classes that are still open . eos
bos the first class is a tuesday and thursday class from two to three . eos
bos the other class is on monday and wednesday from am - . eos
bos yes , i understand . eos
bos we will be leaving the campground at in the evening and arrive at our campus at p . m . any more questions . eos
bos one class is on tuesday and thursday from p . m . to . eos
bos that class is from ten to twelve on monday and wednesday . eos
bos i believe there are still two psychology classes open . eos
bos it is from - on monday and wednesday . eos
bos i cannot seem to find my class . eos
bos oh , i know exactly where that is . eos
bos yes , i have my list . eos
bos yes , i know where the bookstore is . eos
bos no , i did not know i could do that . eos
bos yes , i have that . eos
bos no , i do not know where the bookstore is . eos
bos i could not make it . eos
bos oh , i know a place where you might like to eat . eos
bos the return bus will leave the campground at p . m . and return to campus hours later at p . m . eos
bos i have a great idea of where you might like to go . eos
bos i know the perfect place ! eos
bos no , i do not have that . eos
bos i am not sure where the bookstore is . eos
bos it is on the west side of the campus . eos
bos it was empty last time i went up there . eos
bos i went up there early this morning . eos
bos i want to buy one of those snack things . eos
bos last time i checked , it was pretty empty . eos
bos that was earlier this morning . eos
bos there is a parking structure for students . eos
bos when i went up there , it was not full at all . eos
bos sometime this morning . eos
bos i am trying to find this book . eos
bos it does not seem like this library has it . eos
bos i have already . eos
bos i can always borrow the book from another library . eos
bos it is just a policy of ours . eos
bos it is our policy . eos
bos i was unable to make it . eos
bos i could not come . eos
bos yes , but i have never taken his class before . eos
bos yes , that is what i need . eos
bos yes , i guess so . eos
bos yes , i had a teacher like that before . eos
bos i do not have my homework today . eos
bos i am thinking of taking his class next semester . eos
bos yes , i really need someone who is really good . eos
bos maybe , but i am not sure . eos
bos no , that stuff is not important to me . eos
bos i am thinking about taking his class next semester . eos
bos i am not sure because i really need to learn something , but i also worry about grades . eos
bos i really need to learn this stuff . eos
bos yes , that sounds right for me . eos
bos two of the clock would be the best time . eos
bos no , i will have to get an add sheet . eos
bos professor , i am going to need to leave class early today . eos
bos i need to go to the airport to pick up a relative . eos
bos yes , i have got that part covered . eos
bos i am unsure how to add a class and need help . eos
bos yes , i have an add sheet . eos
bos i will be there half an hour early . eos
bos i am not sure how to add a class . eos
bos i will bring one next time . eos
bos i drive a scooter eos
bos i park in the daytime . eos
bos no , i have not seen the signs . eos
bos i am sorry , but i cannot stay until the end of class . eos
bos i have an appointment . eos
bos no , but i will make sure someone helps me out this week with my missed work . eos
bos i drive a motorcycle . eos
bos i am not sure what a handicapped spot is . eos
bos i park days and evenings . eos
bos i am a daytime student . eos
bos i will be driving my car . eos
bos well , i have a problem with my class schedule . eos
bos i only attend class part-time in the evenings . eos
bos i have both , but i usually use my car to get to school . eos
bos i will pay cash . eos
bos i attend both day and evening classes . eos
bos i ride a motorcycle . eos
bos i will use a credit card , thank you . eos
bos three would be a good time . eos
bos there is a problem with my schedule . eos
bos excuse me , professor . i think there might be an error in my test score . eos
bos i was looking at my test score and think that it should be higher . eos
bos grades are based on many things eos
bos actually i look at all of it and let us not forget class participation . eos
bos homework , attendance , and quizzes are sixty percent the mid-term and final are worth twenty percent each . eos
bos i will allow one unexcused absence after that you need to contact me ahead of time . eos
bos all of your coursework is important , including everything from attendance and homework to all of your test results for the semester . eos
bos all of it is important please just do your best at all times . eos
bos the final and mid-term are twenty percent each homework , attendance , and quizzes are the rest . eos
bos make sure you contact me as i only allow one unexcused absence . eos
bos i am worried that i messed up on a test . eos
bos i think i am doing great , except for that one test ! eos
bos i look at many things , attendance , quizzes , and tests . eos
bos obviously i look for improvement as we go along , but i would like you to do your best from the beginning . eos
bos the final and midterm are percent of your grade homework , attendance , and quizzes total percent . eos
bos you can only miss one class without penalty . eos
bos i am pretty sure that i am in trouble . eos
bos cents a day . eos
bos the fee is cents every day . eos
bos i checked . eos
bos our policy does not allow anyone to check out the magazines . eos
bos apparently , you have unpaid late fees . eos
bos you owe some money . eos
bos we do charge to use the machine . eos
bos we charge ten cents a copy . eos
bos you have to pay to use the copier . eos
bos you need to pay ten cents for every copy . eos
bos the library closes at six of the clock . eos
bos not always . eos
bos yes . eos
bos okay . thank you very much . eos
bos i am fine . thank you . eos
bos i am great . thanks . eos
bos yes , you will have to pay to use it . eos
bos it costs ten cents a copy . eos
bos it closes at six . eos
bos no , not every day . eos
bos absolutely . eos
bos all right . thank you . eos
bos yes , i hope so . i am studying for my belts right now . eos
bos i would like to study in the uk , but it is really expensive . eos
bos yes , i received a conditional offer from oxford university a few days ago . eos
bos fantastic ! i got an overall score of eight . eos
bos yes . i am just waiting until i officially get admitted to the university with a conditional offer to apply for my visa . eos
bos it is just near the dong si shi tiao subway stop . eos
bos yes , i have been to tailband , egypt , and japan . eos
bos never . eos
bos no , i want to come back to china after i graduate . eos
bos much better than it did yesterday . eos
bos you do not have to thank me . it is just a part of my job as your counsellor . eos
bos no , in fact , i was terrible at taking exams . eos
bos i will get my finals in two months . eos
bos most students just cram the night forehead . eos
bos no , i think i should study a little bit at a time , starting a few weeks before the exam . eos
bos i hate school ! eos
bos i messed up my mid-term exam so badly today ! eos
bos yes , but it is so humiliating ! i do not want my friends to know i failed ! eos
bos i do not know . i sat down in my seat , looked at my paper , and then my mind just went totally blank . eos
bos no . eos
bos i watched tv . eos
bos no , not really . eos
bos hi , bob . i am reading a biography ? eos
bos it is about bob dylan . eos
bos he is a famous american musician . eos
bos it was written by howard sounds . eos
bos there are chapters in total . eos
bos yes . we just had a basketball match with class two . eos
bos they did . eos
bos i like my professors and the classes , but it is a lot of work . eos
bos right now , i am doing some research into the languages of different african tribes . eos
bos yes , i learned how to speak it when i was little . eos
bos well , i grew up in africa , so i learned quite a few different languages . eos
bos i do not know because i have not received my test results yet . eos
bos about two weeks ago . eos
bos i left feeling pretty confident about my score , but i heard that my professors are very strict graders , so i am a bit nervous . eos
bos no , i would not worry about you . eos
bos yes , but i am not sure which one to sign up for . eos
bos i have to work during the day , so i want to find a part-time course that i can do in the evenings . eos
bos i need to improve my english . eos
bos one of our qualified teachers will interview you so that they can find a class that suits you best . eos
bos yes , i graduated with a ba in english from qingdao university . eos
bos i just graduated from high school . eos
bos i would like to get a ba , but i do not know where i should go . eos
bos yes , i have applied to four universities and have been accepted into all of them . eos
bos the tuition is the same for all of them . eos
bos i think the course at leeds university is interesting , but i think the one at manchester university would be more practical . eos
bos , but it is the most expensive city in england to live in , so i do not know if i can afford to live there . eos
bos no , i do not have anything to declare . eos
bos i will be here for about a year . eos
bos i will be studying . i am doing an mba at nottingham university . eos
bos i have a housing contract with the university . i will be in a dorm room on campus . eos
bos oh , my lord . i have not really started them . eos
bos i know but i was busy with my part-time job the last few days . eos
bos i am always two steps behind . i have got to get back to the dorm and continue writing tha eos
bos sorry , sally , it is not your fault . eos
bos i drew a blank on about the test . eos
bos the end of all the hard work for my master's . what a nice feeling to get my degree ! eos
bos no . those you have to provide for yourself . eos
bos oh , iris , it is about the job with the pr company . eos
bos but my mother will not allow me to accept any part-time job . i am afraid she will say no again . eos
bos she says a part-time job is cursed blessing . it takes so much time and energy that i will not be able to focus on my studys . eos
bos i will always remember my college days . eos
bos it was one of the best times in my life . it was tough , but i made it . i became a college graduate . eos
bos i was so nervous . i could not find my cap and gown , but all worked out in the end . eos
bos sounds like you are happy with your decision . eos
bos it was also a proud day for me , but i also felt like a kind of loss that day . eos
bos while seeing others going to work or continue their study , i did not know what i would do . eos
bos otherwise , i will have nowhere to go if i fail the entrance exam . eos
bos career path ? i am not sure . eos
bos i want to become a professor , a lawyer , an editor , a civil servant . eos
bos i am going to graduate this summer . eos
bos i am planning to return to china after graduation . eos
bos it is in that brand new , tall building over there . on the th floor . eos
bos it is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells . eos
bos the computer center is on the first floor of the library . eos
bos yeah , but i am not there for fun . i have to remain professional and if i get distracted , the manager would be pretty upset . eos
bos of course . there is always much to learn . i got to know more about the real world . eos
bos yes , i can , but not very well . eos
bos take the books out of the bookcase . put them in this box . eos
bos yeah , the success stories of that company might be useful for me . and their customers may become the potential ones for my own company . eos
bos i buy a computer magazine every month . it keeps me up-to date with all the latest developments . eos
bos besides , i like to read a magazine in a coffee bar sometimes . eos
bos yes , they do . but you can only access all the articles if you have a subscription . eos
bos the headlines are all about the presidential election in the united states . few other stories made the front pages . eos
bos we have a subsidiary company l eos
bos in the classifieds , one of our competitors is a eos
bos i like to take the tests that they print in this magazine . eos
bos it always has plenty of articles from correspondents all over the world and the business section is very useful too . eos
bos it has several sections , so it is quite a read ! it usually takes me a few hours to read it on sunday morning . eos
bos let me see . there is the news section , the entertainment section , sports , business , and world affairs . eos
bos it is an article about language . it talks about the idea of having a single global language . eos
bos that english is already being studied as a second language in most countries-china , india , mexico , nigeria , pakistan , and japan so beginning again eos
bos but it is so old . eos
bos first of all , it is a romance novel , set in the early th century . eos
bos it is basically about a father who tried to marry off one of his five girls . eos
bos that way , all of his daughters will be cared for . eos
bos i see . this sounds interesting ! maybe my teacher is not so horrible after all . eos
bos from someone and tried to create a copy of a person , there is no guarantee that the copy would look or act like the original ! eos
bos good , good . do not forget the accidentals ! the key signature says that note should be a g-sharp b eos
bos i have been busy with a first aid course that i started about a week ago at the red cross . eos
bos i mean we have learned how to apply pressure to stop bleeding , how to check for a pulse , and even how to apply cpr ! eos
bos yes . i do want to take some additional credits this year to get a minor in psychology . eos
bos at least , that is what the math says . eos
bos what would it be expanding from ? well , the big bang . duh ! eos
bos no , that is may fifth in spanish , james , no wonder you are failing my spanish class . no , may first is international workers'day . eos
bos they passed a resolution stating that eight hours would constitute a legal day's work . and , on may first , the resolution took effect . eos
bos a mass meeting was called for the next day to protest the brutality . eos
bos that is right ! we apply cpr in the case of cardiac arrest or pulmonary arrest . eos
bos i am looking forward to going to america . eos
bos no need for that . it is not usually busy on weekdays . eos
bos it was a kind of sixth sense . eos
bos off hand , i would say the reader's digests is my favorite . eos
bos it is instructive and inspiring . eos
bos no , it is a semimonthly . eos
bos cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon . eos
bos of course i can . it is a piece of cake ! believe it or not , i can do push-ups a minute . eos
bos mmmm . it is hard to say . i like golf a lot-but i guess i like tennis better . eos
bos you hurt ben's feelings . eos
bos hello , jack here . eos
bos yes . look , it is on my desk . eos
bos not at all . it is a piece of cake . eos
bos i want to go traveling . eos
bos that'll be fine . thanks . eos
bos no , i am on a vacation to see the famous three gorges . eos
bos i went to the beach with my friends and had a barbecue there . eos
bos tom , i have got good news for you . eos
bos i have come to say goodbye . eos
bos fine , thanks . i have been busy lately . eos
bos really ? good luck for them . eos
bos they are both very well , thanks . eos
bos yeah , we spent the whole morning under the tall trees . we had our picnic there , too . eos
bos in just three weeks , and i am excited . but there are still a few things i need to do before i go . eos
bos my passport , going to the travel agency to buy my plane ticket and figuring out what to do with my apartment while i am gone . eos
bos i know what you mean . eos
bos get changed ! eos
bos well , i would say that i am just drifting - - here , in the pool . eos
bos well , it is very comfortable just to drift here . eos
bos no . eos
bos i would like to have that new style gl joe . eos
bos hi , bob , this is mary . eos
bos i work for an internet company . eos
bos i am glad to have had the opportunity to meet you here . eos
bos sure , i am looking forward to it . eos
bos romantic ? i am afraid i like thrillers better . eos
bos i am going to japan this year on vacation . eos
bos i have moved . eos
bos yes . eos
bos hey , mark , long time no see . eos
bos great . i just got back from a week's vacation in thailand . eos
bos they are . and not only that the people are friendly , but also the food is delicious , not to mention cheap . eos
bos the boss is mad at you . eos
bos we have not made up our mind yet . eos
bos the work is rather hard , but it is interesting . eos
bos mine is not hard , but it is not interesting . eos
bos good morning . eos
bos nothing much the same old stuff . a lot of bad news as usual . eos
bos sunny and mild today , cloudy and rainy tomorrow . eos
bos not yet . they were holding two men in ohio , but they let them go . they were not the criminals after all . eos
bos tom did me many favors . eos
bos peter and mary broke up . eos
bos we are thinking about going to america . eos
bos oh , i went on a holiday in the city of chende . eos
bos small , not very modern , but there are many mountains with lots of trees around the city , so the air there is pretty fresh . eos
bos the art of gardens is perfectly represented in it . eos
bos yes , i think the reason is that there is a big lake , and many trees in the resort . eos
bos we had a difference of opinion . eos
bos i am leaving on november th . eos
bos no , it is a monday . eos
bos i try to picture the lord's face in my mind . eos
bos my watch is a few minutes fast . it is about six forty , i think . eos
bos i had a terrible quarrel with my neighbor yesterday . eos
bos it is a long story . basically , she thought i had laughed at her while i did not . eos
bos yeah ? i guess so . i spent the weekend at beach . eos
bos some friends of my parents live out there , and they invited me there . eos
bos i could not get through a whole game before i had to sit down . eos
bos yes , i am . eos
bos i do not actually know him . eos
bos i only know him through the . you are not gonna believe this . eos
bos so i have got two tickets to the latest show but i need a little favor from you . eos
bos do not , do not , do not , do not say that . that , that makes it worse . eos
bos i am afraid that is not my cup of tea . i just find skin-diving attracting . eos
bos not so bad , but kevin does have problems with his wife . eos
bos actually i have a passion for chinese literature . eos
bos rock'n'roll , i guess . eos
bos hi , it is a pleasant surprise ! eos
bos i am feeling hungry . eos
bos well , i have got some papers due . eos
bos it seems like he is not coming . eos
bos i am so angry at bob for buying a new bike . eos
bos i have just had an argument with bob . eos
bos he did and it is his entire fault . eos
bos there are three of them , the three tenors . eos
bos it is a solo concert by pavarotti . he put on the performance in the forbidden city in beijing . eos
bos of course not . people all over the world watch it on tv , or listen to it on the radio . eos
bos i had the greatest time ever . eos
bos they had an argument and split up . eos
bos of course , i like flowers . eos
bos peach blossom is really beautiful . eos
bos there will be a live show of football tonight . eos
bos ac milan versus real madrid . eos
bos i am so nervous now . what a terrific game ! eos
bos hello , candy . my name is jim white . nice to meet you . eos
bos nice to meet you , too . i thought i should come and say hello to you . i have not known anybody . eos
bos about . eos
bos of course . i cannot live without it , so i always bring my cd with me no matter where i go . eos
bos light music and classic music . eos
bos jay chou's title song in his new album . eos
bos the music has started . eos
bos forget about it ! eos
bos it is hard to say . but i do love waltz very much . eos
bos to tell the truth , i do not like it . eos
bos i am glad you say so , you dance beautifully too . it is lucky that i got a partner . eos
bos excuse me , miss . i am bob . eos
bos yes , i am glad i have come . eos
bos it is cloudy . eos
bos you are so old-fashioned . i have already watched it last week in cinema . eos
bos its d animation is attractive and its colorful scenes are also unforgettable . eos
bos for me , the times of chatting online has gone . eos
bos i opened my blog today . in order to have more visitors , i have to land on others'blogs and leave my messages for their blogs . eos
bos click your right key of mouse and choose qq zone . eos
bos some of them are privacy , so you have the right to keep secret here . eos
bos and then find a music player and put your favorite songs into it , so your visitors can enjoy the music after entering into your zone . eos
bos certainly . eos
bos i will come see you tomorrow . eos
bos but it is said that you dance wonderfully well . eos
bos no . just occasionally . eos
bos i love rumba and waltz . eos
bos for us , karaoke is becoming a popular entertainment . eos
bos sunday papers . i usually read them after coming back home from our company . eos
bos i got your meaning . reading is your own solution to solve pressure from busy tasks . eos
bos fred and david , my college class mates and rachel . eos
bos your tent and enough food and water . eos
bos tom's dating your sister . eos
bos well , nothing special , reading , watching tv , walking , and so on . eos
bos i like collecting antiques . it is expensive , but it is a lot of fun . eos
bos so far i have more than collections . eos
bos hurry ! it is time for me to steal something . eos
bos i am stealing vegetables at the happy farm . eos
bos many white collars join in this game and have a lot of fun by stealing others'vegetables . eos
bos yeah , i agree . it makes you feel really good . eos
bos there are some huge stones within the mountain which look like the censer , so it is called'fragrant mountain' . eos
bos many times . except climbing , there are many attractions worth visiting . eos
bos david , imagine meeting you here ! eos
bos it is so hard to prevent them from being stolen . i also got something this morning . eos
bos of course . i stay online for four hours at least every day . eos
bos millions of things . i surf the net , check my e-mail , and most importantly , i chat with my friends . eos
bos hello , kate . eos
bos i was almost on line the whole night . eos
bos no , i listened to the music , too . eos
bos i want to see'click . ' eos
bos honey , i have got good news for you . eos
bos you are going to be a father . eos
bos yes . the scenery is so breathtaking . eos
bos there are thousands of hot springs and fountains . the park is known for them . eos
bos i am back . eos
bos going shopping . it tires me too much . eos
bos i am going to buy a cd . eos
bos in order to listen to music , you must have the necessary software . eos
bos oh , yes . i love playing badminton , table tennis and computer games . and playing the games has become my favorite . eos
bos they say it is mindless to sit in front of a machine all the time , but i think it is stimulating . eos
bos what a coincidence seeing you here . ! eos
bos i like it . it is a beautiful country . eos
bos the best island of korea-jizhou island . eos
bos yes , i think so . but there is also something terrible . eos
bos it does not matter . no one will laugh at you . eos
bos you cannot beat me at tennis . eos
bos good . eos
bos i am going to america . eos
bos we had a fantastic time . eos
bos me , too . i want to be a volunteer for beijing olympics . eos
bos no problem . i am an'olympic expert' . eos
bos the ancient olympics originated in ancient greece . eos
bos they name it after the place where it was first held . eos
bos this question is a piece of cake . a frenchman named baron de coubertin . eos
bos of course he was called'the father of the olympics' . eos
bos i am really mad at bob . eos
bos i am going shopping . eos
bos okay , that is good . eos
bos in that case , formal suit with a nice tie will be better . eos
bos you know , the low temperature may cause many problems . eos
bos when it grew popular , there came the winter olympic games , which includes a variety of winter sports . eos
bos you should go to talk with may . she is a big fan of them too . eos
bos of course , the sports shoes do not go with the formal occasions . eos
bos they must have practiced a lot . the perseverance has made them they are today . eos
bos let me have a look . well , it lists some shows that will be on next week . eos
bos hmm . oh , this one ,'the drunken beauty' . this is a real classic . eos
bos they play was famous for its singing and dancing . eos
bos here we go . there is a museum of the beijing opera art . ( they come to the museum of the beijing opera art . ) eos
bos very few can . that is why these clothes only appear in the museum . eos
bos i have heard that tom is going to move . eos
bos yeah , he is going to move next month . eos
bos what a pity ! eos
bos there is a wonderful opera today . i would like to see it . eos
bos andrews gives a performance to be remembered for a lifetime from maria to a cheerful governess . eos
bos those young actors play the roles perfectly . eos
bos it was actually a long two months . she was a psycho . eos
bos i was waiting for her call , and when she finally called , she was screaming why i was not at her place . eos
bos oh , do not talk to me about last night ! it was the most awful evening i have ever had . eos
bos i waited for her for a full hour in the cold wind . eos
bos music was too slow and the food was lousy and , above all , i was really sick of the same old crowd all the time . eos
bos yes . very wonderful . eos
bos i wish i had a character part . those are my favorite . eos
bos we have so ay ! but my favorite happens at christmas eve . eos
bos well , all the brothers and sisters get together and fill the christmas stockings for the litt e kids . eos
bos these two coins were made in different periods of the tang dynasty . eos
bos look carefully , and tell me if you see the difference now . eos
bos we can judge it with naked eyes . eos
bos yeah . both bon and nordstrom's is having there annual sale . it is a great time to buy some clothes you have been holding out on . eos
bos i bet it is expensive . eos
bos nothing important . i have been working overtime lately . eos
bos hours , including hours overtime . eos
bos i do not care . i need money . eos
bos yes , i think so . when i work overtime i am paid time and a half . eos
bos yes , that is her . eos
bos oh , i am from london as well . eos
bos first we will go to the city centre and stop for something to drink . then we will visit the university museum . eos
bos when crossing the road you must always pay attention to what is around you . eos
bos thank you . i am wearing make-up . eos
bos it is me . i have studied make-up at a beauty shop . eos
bos of course . first , use eye shadow to heighten your eyes . eos
bos i think pink eye shadow is popular among chinese girls . eos
bos i suggest you use lipstick , which also accentuates your lips . eos
bos i still like the olive one best . there is a tailor here who can take up the sleeves for you . eos
bos i think women excel in every sport except the ones that are taboo for us to join in , like football . eos
bos well , i know some women who love golf and i know others who love contact sports . eos
bos that is not all . they use them ! every night men , women , children all out there till and a . m . eos
bos of course ! and here is the best part , they are court side seats ! eos
bos oh , through a lot of hard work , of course . eos
bos surely it was , especially when you only knew few people and little english . eos
bos right . i only knew a few english sentences . eos
bos first , i worked as a servant . eos
bos i heard betty lost her tennis match this morning , so she is out of the tournament . eos
bos it was held in b . c . at olympia . it also has a long history of more than years . eos
bos yes , there were no games in , and , because of world war i and world war ii . eos
bos he is and he is a new emigrant from south america and he is never been to school . eos
bos how annoying ! eos
bos it bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points . eos
bos i am too tired now . i have already worked for hours overtime ! eos
bos this is the first break i have had all day . eos
bos yeah . water pollution has for a long time been a major concern among the environmental issues . eos
bos they could generally be divided into two categories eos
bos yeah . they are emitted directly into urban water supplies . eos
bos you would not believe what happened to me today . eos
bos i did not sleep a wink last night . eos
bos he assigned me two projects . now the deadlines are near and i still have not finish one of them . eos
bos it is kind of strange though , to have snow in april , and so much of it . eos
bos david , i heard you lost your job . eos
bos yes i am . nice to meet you , jack . eos
bos really , i went to munich last week . eos
bos oh , yes . it is a fantastic city . and i like german food as well . eos
bos i am from california in the united states . but i am now studying in england . eos
bos i am studying languages . this year i am doing german and italian . eos
bos he said there are only all kinds of good weather . eos
bos well , for one , we have an excuse to stay home . eos
bos there is a typhoon coming . eos
bos i am glad that you think so . i thought it might be a bit too revealing . eos
bos i got it on sale down at the department store . eos
bos you know , you should go down there too . they have a lot of stylish clothes on sale . eos
bos well , i spent a lot of money on getting my shirts tailor-made , so i could not afford to buy any new ties . eos
bos hi george ! it is good to see you ! eos
bos i just opened up my own business not long ago . eos
bos it is white gold . eos
bos my boyfriend took me to the shane co . and he let me pick it out . eos
bos my birthday is coming up . we will find out pretty soon . eos
bos a piece of news , that a group of white color workers hold a flour war in the office because of dissatisfaction of the year-end benefits . eos
bos they got rice , flour and oil as presents , while the leadership got yuan shopping card . eos
bos i think i will write a book . eos
bos the interesting thing is to see what really works and what is just hype . eos
bos perfect . it will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i am not married yet . it is my engagement ring . eos
bos in june . eos
bos thank you so much . eos
bos it is a tag heer . eos
bos i hope that they have a good menu . most coffee shops only have coffee and danish . eos
bos no , so it is usually boring to join my friends in the afternoon at a regular coffee shop . eos
bos hey , look ! there are some wild ducks over there in the reeds . eos
bos thanks . i am so excited . we have been trying for months now . eos
bos three months . eos
bos i had no idea that there were specific things that should be given on different anniversaries . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos i am fine . in fact , i do not have a scratch on me or my vehicle . but the other guy is in critical condition . eos
bos i guess i misjudged you . i hope you can forgive me . eos
bos if i think of famous people , i think of abraham lincoln . eos
bos and i also admire him for his courage in fighting for equal rights . eos
bos chicken ! you are afraid i will beat you . eos
bos that is exciting , man . eos
bos you should not use my example . it was not special . i kind of wish i made it more special but it is too late now . eos
bos i never thought about that . eos
bos i have been chosen to plan the next family reunion . eos
bos yep . and i should start planning now . eos
bos just about . there are at least a few hundred in our immediate family alone . eos
bos my character is in question . someone was robbed at work and unless i have an alibi , i am a suspect . eos
bos you really look familiar . eos
bos that is my uncle . you are my cousin ! hi cousin ! eos
bos i think you will like them . my family is pretty laid back . eos
bos oh , that is my great , great , great , great , great , great , great grandfather . eos
bos peter madsen . a great a if i do say so myself . eos
bos i like baseball the best . eos
bos yeah . i played until i graduated from high school . eos
bos i hate third base . it is scary when the ball is coming at you so fast . eos
bos i like baseball and basketball . eos
bos it is a very popular game in america . eos
bos for me , it is one of those games that are fun to both watch and play . eos
bos no , i just for fun with my friends . we play two hand touch or flag football . we are too old to play tackle football . eos
bos you just have to touch them with two hands , or if it is flag football , grab the flag that the ball carrier is wearing . eos
bos i am going out this saturday . eos
bos unfortunately , we do . let us plan for something together for wednesday . we can go right after work . eos
bos let us do something really nice for our family this christmas . eos
bos hello , there , my name is tonia . eos
bos this is our courtyard . eos
bos yes , about square metres . eos
bos yes . eos
bos that will be fine . what i have to show you will only take a few minutes of your time . eos
bos probably my parents . eos
bos you have to deal with a lot of pressure from your parents . eos
bos you are lucky . eos
bos afterward , we will make new year calls on family relatives , husband's side on the first day and wife's side on the second . eos
bos all this , of course , should be well prepared beforehand . eos
bos yeah . i think my mom is the most worried . i am basically worried about how she is doing . eos
bos my name's mcdonald . eos
bos there is a new restaurant opening up in town next month . eos
bos i can hardly wait ! eos
bos i will double check the announcement . eos
bos well , the festival is going to start on the third saturday of october , and covers over one hundred diverse programs in one month . eos
bos he is been compared to rimbaud , you know . eos
bos i have an idea for christmas this year . eos
bos i will see you in sterlet , then . eos
bos look at the map . it has different areas , such as marine lives , mammals , polar animals and insects . eos
bos we need to go straight from here and turn left and go along to the end and make anotherleft turn . eos
bos actually , a friend of a friend . eos
bos someone brings a truck to the game and we have a barbecue right there in the parking lot out of the back of the truck ! eos
bos i am so excited . finally , a yard of my own . eos
bos that is exactly why my business is doing so well ! eos
bos of course , i like . eos
bos spring is a lively season . eos
bos i was crying everyday for three months . and slowly , it got better . i know you will feel better too . eos
bos i know it is painful , but it is only temporary . after the pain goes away , you will find other girls . eos
bos you are right . eos
bos so , it is the th teachers'day . eos
bos that girl in my econ class . she is so hot . eos
bos no . i did not even talk to her yet . but i think i am in love . eos
bos my grandmother just passed away . eos
bos a couple of days ago . i just go back from the funeral . eos
bos no . not really . the sad thing is that i was not there when she died . i really wanted to be there one last time . eos
bos bill , happy halloween ! eos
bos jake just broke up with me . eos
bos thank you . same to you . eos
bos on the fourth thursday of november . eos
bos people cook turkeys for thanksgiving dinner . eos
bos merry christmas . steven ! eos
bos it is said that her new movie is going to come out . eos
bos i am not sure . eos
bos i hate to tell you this , but they are nothing but sob stories . eos
bos it is actually formed when nitrogen oxides and voc emissions come into contact with heat and sunlight . eos
bos oh , vous are'volatile organic compounds' . that is a technical term for solvents or other chemicals found in things like paint . eos
bos i think the campaign is a blockbuster . eos
bos finally candidates ran for one seat . eos
bos well , i would not swim in it - but the water is much cleaner than it was a few years ago . eos
bos really ? say it ! eos
bos it rumored that jean is fooling around with another woman's husband . eos
bos someone declared that he saw it . eos
bos i could get along fine without all the office politics . eos
bos a position i have had my eye on for several months now and i had good reason to believe that it was mine for the asking . eos
bos we were awarded government funding last year and in order to keep it we have to hire so ay new employees . eos
bos yeah , you are right . internet makes our lives easier . but it is a two-blade sword . eos
bos but . but . eos
bos good afternoon ! eos
bos glad to meet you , wang lin . i am mary . eos
bos really ? i have seen that movie , too . eos
bos hello ! eos
bos it is a new film ,'transformer' . eos
bos my sister has given me two tickets for tonight . it is called'the life of rose', a french movie . eos
bos where ? oh , that is henry . eos
bos he is very nice , actually , but rather eccentric . eos
bos yes , but he may be too eccentric even for you . eos
bos yes , nobody was with her . eos
bos in thailand . eos
bos yes . yes , i am sure . eos
bos sorry . there are only some seats in the back . eos
bos ok . i see . eos
bos my brother has offered me two tickets for this evening . eos
bos there is a new play tonight . eos
bos romeo and juliet' . eos
bos do not be kidding , ok ? eos
bos the show will be starting in a few minutes . we would better go in and find our seats . eos
bos look . it is begin . eos
bos i could not agree more . eos
bos yes , it is . eos
bos yes . i like cooking very much . i got this hobby when i was years sold . eos
bos october th . eos
bos du kun . eos
bos every time when you glimpse some stylish clothes , you change into another person . eos
bos my mom phoned me this morning , and asked me to go back home to have housework chores . eos
bos i do ! my favorites are mexican , thai , and indian . eos
bos i do not know . a friend of mine said i should try it . eos
bos i have many hobbies . i like almost all kinds of sports and i also like to listen to classical music . eos
bos i like playing basketball . basketball is a very exciting game because it keeps you alert and i also enjoy the team spirit of basketball . eos
bos i like the novels of dickens very much . i have read almost all of them in chinese translation . eos
bos yes , i like listening to beethoven's works . eos
bos ouch ! eos
bos yes , i can . eos
bos throw the ball up high . eos
bos my brother joined the army last year . eos
bos that makes sense . eos
bos too bad you missed jane's performance . eos
bos hello , michael . my name's shirley . pleased to meet you . eos
bos but i heard the north of china are experiencing severe sandstorms ! eos
bos yes , it is said that hebes was experiencing six degree strong winds . eos
bos for killing time and making new friends . eos
bos calm down ! my little guy ! you will get used to that after you come here several times . eos
bos i visited the famous variety show host , dennis . eos
bos i am getting sick of work man . i cannot take the political bull in the company any more . eos
bos i think they want to see the performance of coming and yijianlian , the chinese players in nba . eos
bos good afternoon , tina . eos
bos i like nba very much . eos
bos what a pity ! eos
bos yes , of course . eos
bos most anyway . eos
bos yes , i like . but i cannot play it well . eos
bos nothing . i am just asking . eos
bos look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . let us go and play there . eos
bos ok , i want you to be happy when we are together , and when you are sad , i would always stay with you . eos
bos definitely . i heard beijing was experiencing seven degree strong winds ! that is nearly a record high ! eos
bos yes , i mean it . eos
bos i do not want to argue with you anymore . this is going to be tough , but let us try to forget that and be friends . eos
bos not very well . eos
bos i just lost my job . i am just worried about how i am going to pay the bills . eos
bos i just started , but the job market is very bad right now . i am not optimistic about it . eos
bos i am from guangzhou . eos
bos did not i tell you ? it is over ! eos
bos no , but i ended up finding out later that night when i saw her drinking with another man at a club near my home ! eos
bos the good thing is that i am so angry with her that i do not feel sad about not having her around . eos
bos yeah . i am really looking forward to it . eos
bos for me , i think starting school was more exciting . eos
bos yes , summer is coming . eos
bos it is one of the highlights of the match . eos
bos well , it is better than'friendship first , competition second' . eos
bos i do not know . she always said i did not love her , but i did . eos
bos it is ok . it seems we have a lot in common . eos
bos he is tall and slim , fair-haired . eos
bos wow ! look at the time . lt's about 'clock . eos
bos yes , i am still working there . but i really find my job boring . i would like to change my job . eos
bos i do not care . eos
bos i am out of work at the moment . eos
bos it does not matter . eos
bos not so bad , but kevin does have problems with his wife . eos
bos hello ! eos
bos yeah , my name is nandu . eos
bos yeah , my name is like n-a-n-j-u . eos
bos well , i have been practising for weeks . eos
bos i think he deserved his gold . eos
bos the spur . eos
bos it was very embarrassing because we took the over-night train and the noise made it difficult for other people in the cabin to sleep . eos
bos yes , we did . fortunately we put his teddy bear in the bag , and finally he fell asleep at mid-night with it in his arms . eos
bos i like the kid . he is so lovely . eos
bos and you can hear singing and laughing everywhere ! people are happy in autumn because autumn brings them harvest and richness and prosperity ! eos
bos i like collecting stamps . eos
bos i usually play chess with my friends . but i like playing basketball best . eos
bos last night i met this great guy at the bar and we had such a wonderful time , so we decided to meet again tonight . eos
bos i have the feeling that we are going to be great friends . eos
bos i am a girl of many interests . i like dance , chess , collecting stamps , travelling and taking photos . eos
bos he is tall and slim , fair-haired . eos
bos he is a nice guy and very considerate . i am impressed with how smart he is and he has a great sense of humor . eos
bos just watching some tv . eos
bos so i take it you are pretty bored too . eos
bos i already tried to call up some of the guys , but they are all busy . eos
bos my friend jean is very beautiful . eos
bos perfect , and i like her charming eyes too . eos
bos hi , joe . eos
bos it is really cold . it snowed all day and the school closed early . eos
bos it is degrees below zero now . it was even colder this morning . eos
bos i really do not like the winter . i wish it were summer . eos
bos please allow me to introduce myself . my name is tom . eos
bos i heard that it is supposed to get up to degrees fahrenheit today . eos
bos oh yeah . i heard about that too . let us go check it out . eos
bos i am doing great . eos
bos i saw forrest gump the other day . eos
bos i hate the hot weather . i would rather stay indoors with the air conditioner . eos
bos i like to play computer games , read books , go shopping , and play pool . eos
bos my favorite is to play computer games . eos
bos my favorite is diablo . it used to be star craft , but it is getting a little old . eos
bos although i hate to exercise , i go jogging at least twice a week . eos
bos yeah . it is been a couple of months since i saw you . eos
bos i just started working out . eos
bos i joined the samsung health club last month . eos
bos currently we are looking for business opportunities in northeast china . eos
bos we send analysts to companies that run into financial difficulties . eos
bos smaller local companies . we specialize in trade shipping industry . eos
bos great ! eos
bos certainly . eos
bos nice to meet you , george . i am irene . eos
bos i am in computing . i work for macrohard . eos
bos oh , that is george . he looks very drunk . eos
bos oh , he is really reserved , normally . but , from what i hear , he is got lots of problems . eos
bos really ? well , i hate to say this , but i am not surprised . eos
bos well , he does not look very honest . eos
bos oh , do not talk to me about laptops . mine crashed on friday and i lost everything . i hate them . eos
bos hmm ? oh , that is alice . she is totally mad . do not get yourself in a room alone with her . eos
bos yes , i know , but she is dangerous . eos
bos well , i am not one to gossip , as you know , but rumor has it that she sued her former boss for sexual harassment . eos
bos wow . eos
bos to be honest , i am a bit fed up . eos
bos there is a girl in my company that i really like but i always get shy when she is around . eos
bos thank you , li mei . come into the dining room . i am going to cut the cake soon . eos
bos yes . i like gardening . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos yes , i do . eos
bos someone you are living with . eos
bos i hope i can stay here longer . eos
bos the day after tomorrow . eos
bos perhaps because of the dirty air . eos
bos very well . we have got everything taken care of already . eos
bos neither of us is very religious , so we decided not to get married there . eos
bos yeah , oh my god ! it is still there . we have our first date right on there . eos
bos smile ) i cannot believe this for it is been years since we got married . eos
bos i swear never to drink again . just give me another chance , please ! eos
bos i am interested in watching tv or other relaxing games . eos
bos i usually read or entertain myself . eos
bos my favorite books are those about detectives . eos
bos yes , it is got wireless internet access . eos
bos so did i . at first , i thought it was going to be boring , but then it turned to be good . eos
bos yes , friday i have a class right after work . eos
bos it will be held at the central music hall . eos
bos of course not . people all over the world watch it on tv , or listen to it on the radio . eos
bos yeah . she is a healthy beautiful girl . eos
bos i am just glad there were no complications . eos
bos i thought you were going to let it grow out long . eos
bos yes , it is not short enough to be wash-and-go and not long enough to do anything fancy . eos
bos bill , i must tell you the truth . you failed the english exam again . eos
bos i want to take shield on a date but i do not have much money . eos
bos i like playing chess . eos
bos i am afraid not . eos
bos oh , yes . i like playing basketball . eos
bos i really like the straight legs . eos
bos that is the style ! you just wear boxers . eos
bos you come dressed in anything from the sixties . eos
bos mum , i have something for you today . eos
bos they must have just come back from tomb sweeping because today is tomb sweeping day . eos
bos tomb sweeping day is a traditional festival in china , on which many chinese mourn the dead . eos
bos oh ! how could i forget such an important holiday ? eos
bos the bible says that jesus christ was resurrected three days after he was crucified . people commemorate that at a festival called easter . eos
bos we celebrate it on the first sunday after a full moon on or after the st of march . eos
bos yes . it is also called dragon boat festival . eos
bos we celebrate it to commemorate a great patriotic poet of china qu yuan . eos
bos certainly . it is actually the chinese new year and is regarded by the chinese as the most important holiday of the year . eos
bos relatives and friends often visit each other during the holiday to wish each other a happy new year . eos
bos yes , it is . eos
bos oh , i am a little busy these days . eos
bos yeah , so i have to buy presents for everyone before i leave . eos
bos fine , just do not do it at night . eos
bos yes , it helps me to relax . eos
bos i like to paint . eos
bos mainly seascapes . eos
bos just taking a smoke break . eos
bos i did not know you smoked . eos
bos oh . you are new to smoking still . i have been smoking for years . eos
bos no , i rarely smoke . i do not drink , either . i only drink with my family on celebrations or with close friends . eos
bos i like doing aerobics in my spare time . it is good for my health . eos
bos happy new year , steven . eos
bos yes , it deserves its name . eos
bos i do not go to hairdressers because they are cute . eos
bos i am so happy for them . eos
bos in fact , we are beginning to make preparations . eos
bos the restaurant serves very good and spicy local dishes . you might want to try there . eos
bos yes , i did , i thought it was a failure . eos
bos hey , anna , this is jason . eos
bos you are kidding . eos
bos a bit over two years . this is a fast-moving company , and seniority is not the only factor in deciding promotions . eos
bos she is very nice and open-minded . eos
bos thank you , peter . come into the dining room . we are going to cut the cake soon . eos
bos donna , you really shocked everyone at the party last night ! eos
bos i guess everyone has a few secrets up their sleeve . eos
bos i was part of a band in school . eos
bos amazing . the sun is almost gone and yet there is still color everywhere ! eos
bos you look great ! however , i think you are a little over dressed for dinner . eos
bos ta da ! let us go to the ritz ! eos
bos oh . hi matt . i went snowboarding yesterday and my whole body aches . eos
bos he got arrested on friday night and spent the night in jail . eos
bos he got home on friday night really late , and apparently he would been out drinking with some clients , so he was really drunk . eos
bos he lives alone , you know . eos
bos no , she left him last year . eos
bos yes . so when the cops arrived , they did not believe his story eos
bos oh man , i hate rejection . it really makes you feel terrible , especially when you really liked the person . eos
bos hi martha . everything is perfect . eos
bos even though we are both working , we get to spend a lot of time with each other in the evening and on the weekends . eos
bos now we have a two-year-old boy . we are very happy that he is healthy and smart . eos
bos right now he speaks mostly english , and he can say a few chinese words . but he will learn in the future . eos
bos good afternoon , johnson . eos
bos hi , paul . i have not seen you for a long time . eos
bos yes , i have got a job , a waiter's job in a restaurant . eos
bos think nothing of it , tony . i am sure you would do the same for me . eos
bos anything else ? oh , yes . never argue with your boss . learn to say'yes , sir . ' eos
bos yeah , cal ripen just hit a home run . eos
bos well it was to , but ripen's home run made it to since another player was on first base . eos
bos wow ! i cannot believe i am standing here ! eos
bos i am standing in front of an exquisite work of art ! eos
bos there are tons of other paintings that i think are better . eos
bos one of the girls in my office . eos
bos good morning , pete . eos
bos ah , this is my daughter's birthday present . her birthday is next week . eos
bos but mark's birthday is in april so i need to think about his present soon . eos
bos personally , i am not for it . i feel it is bad for kids to watch . eos
bos i plan to emigrate to canada . eos
bos hi joe . eos
bos it is really cold . it snowed all day and the schools closed early . eos
bos it is degrees now . it was even colder this morning . eos
bos i really do not like the winter . i wish it were summer . eos
bos i still have five seats in the mezzanine . eos
bos black rose . eos
bos i did not want to go out last weekend , so i decided to stay at home and watch a movie . eos
bos i was very tired after working all week . sometimes on the weekend i do not have enough energy to go out to a movie theater . eos
bos hi vicky . eos
bos that is no problem . i just wanted to tell you i am inside . eos
bos on the second floor . eos
bos come upstairs . eos
bos oh , can you hear me ok ? i said , come to the second floor . eos
bos not really , i like watching horror movies , like'the unborn . ' eos
bos yeah it is too bad . but actually i think i know what to do . eos
bos there is too much traffic in taipei these days , i think cars should be banned . eos
bos well , it may not be that simple . not everyone likes public transport . eos
bos i am not sure i will be able to , though . eos
bos the canada day is on the st of july . eos
bos the national anthem of canada is'o canada' . eos
bos i immigrated here last year . eos
bos that is coincidence , someone's just returned two tickets and i picked them . eos
bos evening . eos
bos there are some seats in the rear mezzanine . eos
bos i think we can go to the river , go around and have supper . eos
bos well ,'terminator'is a really great action movie , and i like action movies because they are exciting . eos
bos really ? well the special effects might have been good in , but when you watch it today they make the film seem really cheesy . eos
bos i like some pretty cheesy movies too . i love arnold schwarzenegger action flicks , especially terminator . eos
bos i do not really like sci-fi movies because they are always really weird . eos
bos yes , i nearly did not sleep last night . eos
bos the contestants are different . these girls perform in free styles . eos
bos i went a global warming rally . it was fantastic to be around so many people who care about the environment . eos
bos to fix the problems that we have created for ourselves , but there are lots of things we can do to prevent more damages from happening . eos
bos well , we can use public transport instead of taking our cars for a start . eos
bos before he made the top three , i was so nervous . i just fear that he might be knocked out . eos
bos if it is not the pollution , then it is the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse effect . eos
bos it is the gradual rise in the earth's temperature . eos
bos hi angela , it is dan . eos
bos good . eos
bos i saw that you called and i tried to call you back , but i think your phone was off . eos
bos oh , is that next week ? eos
bos that is good . i want to invite megan also . next time you see her , can you tell her for me . eos
bos yes , i think they might have gone to the same college or something like that . i am not exactly sure how they know each other . eos
bos was up that street to the crossroads . as you was you should see a fast food place on your right . eos
bos i am still a student . eos
bos boston university . eos
bos i am studying english , math , and history . my major is english . eos
bos hi , john , i am trying to find a carpenter . eos
bos well , i want to build a deck in my back yard . eos
bos so i can have a special place to hang out with friends , and also do some barbecuing on weekends . eos
bos i would like my deck to be at the same level as the back door . eos
bos i do not know . maybe the same . actually , this is my first time being in a bar . eos
bos jane , susan , pete and two colleagues of mine from work . eos
bos susan suggested the one on main street . she says it is very good . eos
bos they suddenly become shy when they speak to boys . eos
bos actually , it is impossible because the mountain is covered with snow all year around . and is has heavy fog for most of the time . eos
bos yes . but not too much . it is considered as the head of five sacred mountains in china . eos
bos the chinese emperors used to climb onto these mountains and pay tribute to their ancestors and pray for good harvest and prosperity for the whole nation . eos
bos definitely . there are many wall paintings and inscriptions on the huge rocks on the mountain . eos
bos i am reading . eos
bos well , you cannot compare a small balcony to this large veranda . this is perfect for having a barbecue in summer . eos
bos i really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . and i always enjoy watching pierce brosnan . eos
bos yes , my parents , and soon my brother as well . eos
bos oh , yes , he is two years older than me . he lives in new zealand so i do not see him that often . eos
bos his son is coming as well . he wants to go to university here in england so they will visit a few universities while they are here . eos
bos oh yes , they are really looking forward to it . they went to new zealand last year and loved it . eos
bos i am going to attend an interview . eos
bos oh . that dress does not exactly match the job . eos
bos as a teacher , you should be a little more sedate . eos
bos yeah , i worked about twenty hours a week in a pizza restaurant . eos
bos it was always very busy there . eos
bos i stood behind the register and took pizza orders . eos
bos no , not yet . i am still looking . i have been doing some work through a temp-agency though . eos
bos i am temping at a pharmaceutic company . eos
bos mostly office work - filing and so on . eos
bos five . besides my parents and me , there are my brother and sister . eos
bos eighteen . eos
bos she is not quite twenty-five . eos
bos yes . eos
bos no . but i often send e-mail to them . and make a call to my parents regularly . eos
bos i like all sorts of movies , primarily drama and science fiction . eos
bos western and horror are the two types of movies i do not care for . eos
bos i always do volunteer work on the first saturday of every month . eos
bos i help out at the children's hospital . i help plan activities . eos
bos well , that is your uncle bill , his wife and two of their daughters . eos
bos no , your uncle jack is my brother , bill is my brother-in-law , your mom's brother . eos
bos that is right , sarah and jane are both your cousins although they are step-sisters . eos
bos sarah is your uncle bill's older daughter . when she was young , bill's first wife , sarah's mom died . three years later bill married again . eos
bos yes . she is sarah's step-mother . eos
bos yes , jane invited me for dinner to this new restaurant which opened near us . eos
bos well , all my friends listen to it , so i became a big fan too . eos
bos i met amanda through a friend . eos
bos yes . eos
bos he had his car stolen . actually he was kidnapped while he was in the car . eos
bos one of those underground multi-story things-he was just getting in and suddenly three guys with guns opened the back doors of the car and got in . eos
bos oh , right , i hear they have a lot of this kind of problem down there . eos
bos that is terrible . eos
bos ernie , i am really excited about starting this band together . we are going to be the two coolest students on campus . eos
bos my roommate invited both of us to dinner . eos
bos i met her about one year ago . eos
bos well , my roommate was friends with amanda , so he introduced us . eos
bos i started to date someone recently , but it did not work out . eos
bos i had a terrible journey back from bangkok last week . eos
bos so there was no way he could get in touch with the office to get them to send another taxi . eos
bos well , i actually thumbed a lift . eos
bos get home till four in the morning , and when i got home i realized i would left my house keys in my hotel in bangkok . eos
bos sorry , i do not know , there is something wrong with my watch . eos
bos if we get lost , we will be able to find our way . the irishman had brought a car door . eos
bos you are in america now , my british friend . we just call it football . eos
bos yeah , he tackled him so hard his helmet came off . eos
bos i guess he hit him too hard the referee just called a penalty on the home team . eos
bos well , here we go again . eos
bos yeah , i just got them . i started playing ice hockey in a community league . so , i finally got myself new skates . eos
bos yeah , you are a pretty big guy . i play goalie , myself . eos
bos the rockets . eos
bos it is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet . eos
bos i am so bored . i do not know what i am going to do today and it is only ten in the morning . eos
bos i do not think we are boring . it is just that we do not have any hobbies . eos
bos awesome , we went to australia and new zealand . eos
bos well , we went bungee jumping when we were in australia . eos
bos yeah , i am going for a hike in the southern rocky mountains . eos
bos i go as much as i can . i love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature . eos
bos older , so he does not slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it is still amazing . eos
bos well , i came to know a girl three weeks ago . we have so much in common . eos
bos so i think i may fall in love with her . eos
bos that is what i do . eos
bos i told him about how many kids i want , and how my parents will be so excited to meet him . eos
bos not bad . but too hot for me today . eos
bos oh , just on my own . i just joined , so i do not really have any partners . eos
bos jane . nice to meet you . eos
bos actually , in my opinion , the carts were better because you do not have to tip them . eos
bos right . luckily it was on the eighteen hole , quite near the clubhouse , so he did not have far to carry him . eos
bos oh , how awful . what a terrible thing to do . eos
bos well , maybe they have got a point . i mean , i suspect that they think the same about us . eos
bos a colleague of mine was kidnapped once , so perhaps i have a different view of things . eos
bos it is really so sad ! but when i talked to him on the phone , it sounded like he was holding up really well . eos
bos i have been watching a lot of videos at home because of the constant rain . eos
bos i saw the weather report , and it is going to rain for the next eight days . eos
bos i am getting pretty bored . we should do something despite the rain . eos
bos just so so . but we can travel twice every year . eos
bos not bad . but we have lost a few of staff lately . eos
bos because of the low salaries . eos
bos yeah . it is already december , you know . eos
bos no , i am on business . i will spend half a month for the business . eos
bos i know all the tricks of the trade . it is quite tiring and difficult to be promoted . eos
bos i am a reporter at a tv station . eos
bos yes , i have good working conditions and i would require a salary at least , a year . eos
bos i report the social news which means i always interview the citizens of various professions and trades . eos
bos yes . the drinks are very good ! i am paul , by the way . eos
bos really ? me , too . i work for an accountancy company , t d . maybe you have heard of them . eos
bos i am at home painting . eos
bos well , i have the day off from work . eos
bos a funny thing happened to me the other day . eos
bos rd . ) during my lunch break thinking about this boy-i have no idea why i was thinking about him . eos
bos hmm . that is what i thought , too . and i always enjoy watching anthony hopkins . eos
bos sorry , it is all sold out . eos
bos yes , i like collecting antiques . eos
bos i like this one , and i do not have any need for all the bells and whistles you get on the new ones . eos
bos or i can send a picture of a sample back to my office and get it costed up immediately . eos
bos i cannot believe it ! eos
bos i cannot believe it ! i thought the cougars were going to win for sure . eos
bos i am so bored . i do not know what i am going to do today and it is only ten in the morning . eos
bos i do not think we are boring . it is just that we do not have any hobbies . eos
bos he is not doing too well . eos
bos that makes sense . it is important to take care of your health early in life . eos
bos it is snowing outside . eos
bos i love winter , i love snow . eos
bos i am going to put on more clothes , too . eos
bos yes , it is so cold . eos
bos yes , i think so . the rainy season will be over soon . eos
bos i usually calm down first and think about the reason that caused my anger . eos
bos something like listening to music is a good idea . eos
bos working out is another good way to relieve anger . eos
bos it was fun for me , too . it gave me a chance to get away from my routine . eos
bos today is thursday . eos
bos today is may first , . eos
bos hello , jane ! eos
bos well , most of the time it is , i guess . eos
bos well , jeff , that was a very productive meeting , i thought . you had some really great ideas in there ! eos
bos mr . clinton , it is nice to see you again . eos
bos oh ! that is much hetter than i did . eos
bos yes , i am seven . i am a big girl now . eos
bos rachel has decided to quit smoking . eos
bos yes . i am fond of playing the chess and i am very keen on playing cards . eos
bos yeah , i have been out of town . eos
bos i got rid of that clunker . this is my new one . eos
bos very well . we started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . eos
bos at ten of the clock on the morning of next sunday . we have invited all our relatives to the wedding . eos
bos thank you ! eos
bos yes . if she does not believe it , christmas will not be so exciting to her . eos
bos oh , thank you , mary . you are so nice . eos
bos hello , susan , it is me , an . eos
bos i rushed over and saw a man beating a woman . eos
bos i guess i was stunned for a moment , then i quickly ran away to get help . eos
bos i graduated from songhua university . eos
bos yesterday was april the first . eos
bos he told me that i was wanted on the phone in my dormitory , and that person would call me again several minutes later . eos
bos the same to you ! eos
bos we have another traditional holiday-the dragon boat festival . eos
bos it falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month . eos
bos on that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river . eos
bos i spend most of my spare time reading . and i subscribe to various newspapers , magazines and periodicals . eos
bos in my spare time , i am fond of traveling and i always take a trip with my family . eos
bos right now , i am still a little on the edge . i am not sure if i could convince them during the interview . eos
bos to my surprise , the manager tried to talk about the chinese poesy with me . eos
bos getting cheaper is not the only reason for their popularity . they come with a lot of inviting functions . eos
bos right ! anyway , the basic difference between a digital camcorder and its traditional counterpart is that it speaks digital . eos
bos some camcorders even offer editing software for adding titles and special effects . eos
bos i have changed a case for it . eos
bos of course . that is why i bought this type . i can change its case frequently , so it is novel to use it . eos
bos i use short messages quite a lot . if it is not too complicated i will send a short message , which can save much phone charge . eos
bos whose handset sounds so beautiful eos
bos no , not yet . eos
bos you need not ask anyone . you can get on line to search for one . eos
bos yeah . web sites provide many melodies for handsets like my ericsson . eos
bos people here always wear the best clothes they have . many people go out and buy clothes especially for new year's eve . eos
bos it is also common for people to make a new year's resolution . eos
bos however , it usually lasts only for a few days ! eos
bos a sony . it is only one third the size of my old camera and looks rather smart . eos
bos yes , it is really so beautiful with all the things covered by snow . eos
bos good afternoon , mr . green . eos
bos now i will quickly send a short message to my wife and take the elevator down to the basement . eos
bos yes , the car park is under constant video surveillance , so my car is quite safe . please get in . eos
bos pretty soon cars will be driving themselves . eos
bos you are right . in china ,'round'is an auspicious word . the moon cakes are in round shape . eos
bos let me see .  . gone with the wind . it is on at six cinemas on saturday night . eos
bos ah . the royal , i think . eos
bos but we will not have enough time for dinner . eos
bos the spring festival is drawing close . by then we will have five days off . i am expecting it . eos
bos after that , the adults usually sit chatting , watching tv , or playing cards . eos
bos year'to each other , and parents and grandparents will take out small packages wrapped with red paper , in them are some what we call'lucky money . eos
bos nope ! it is the latest generation of pad ! you will not believe what it can do . eos
bos it also plays mp files , which i can save on media cards and then transfer to the hard drive of my computer . eos
bos this one comes with its own folding keyboard . it has a pre-installed handwriting recognition program . i can use the stylus to write on the screen . eos
bos it is very thoughtful of you to invite me to your wedding . eos
bos mike's going to have a self-driving traveling across the country . eos
bos i was not quite prepared for that . it is inevitably etched in my memory . eos
bos your only link to reality is the earth out there fortunate - y , it stays in view the whole time . eos
bos it is a reality . it has just taken longer to get literally off the ground . eos
bos sometimes , however , they hold the reception in a big room in the church . eos
bos either they go to a public place such as a hotel , a restaurant , or a club , or to the home of the brid eos
bos many american furthers joke that they would rather hold the ladder for their daughter to climb down and elope than pay for a wedding . eos
bos i am reading an interesting report on mars . eos
bos absolutely ! it says there is water on mars buried beneath the surface . it is just a matter of how deep it is . eos
bos i am not sure nasa has built any portable habitats for extended stays on mars , but they have looked at various designs . eos
bos i am sorry , sir . all the tickets have been sold out . eos
bos things have taken a good turn . you should remember that less than two centuries ago the dangers of train travel seemed similarly terrible . eos
bos it is once in blue moon . eos
bos but not too much . as the space between galaxies expands , it carries the galaxies further apart - like raisins in an expanding dough . eos
bos maybe yesterday you have received a man's woos . he is called'beast' ? eos
bos i watched the screen display ! eos
bos i just got a letter from an old high school buddy . eos
bos you know , although we have chatted twice , i have been thinking of you already . eos
bos yes , i had a bf before . eos
bos we parted from each other last month . eos
bos haha , so you are my e-bf . eos
bos i am so happy . i want to drink a cup of champagne . eos
bos it is ok , so i send you this . eos
bos oh , i will have a sweet dream . eos
bos both work and pleasure , it makes more sense as a tool to connect with people , and the stigma of meeting someone online is reduced . eos
bos quickly make sure there is a connection in the physical world . eos
bos just keep up the same guards you would keep up if you were meeting any stranger . eos
bos com , since their debut in valentine's day in , of the . million people who have joined ecrush . com , have actually matched . eos
bos oh , about two years now . eos
bos they still live in shanghai where i was born . eos
bos she sure knows how to strut her stuff . eos
bos i know . i wonder what is keeping him . eos
bos that movie's just a lot of noise , same as simon . eos
bos i had to go by myself , he could not make it . eos
bos it is really exciting news . eos
bos and if you come back to office , you just reconnect your laptop with docking station . eos
bos hoo , i am getting tired , jeanine , been a long day . eos
bos hey , great set of wheels . eos
bos who would not ? wow , that is out of this world . eos
bos i am chinese by birth . eos
bos i should say , a a'set'of golf clubs is restricted to no more than clubs . eos
bos in general , a set of golf clubs , , , , , , , pw woods , , and a putter . eos
bos this is not to say you have to carry all of these clubs . it depends on your preferences . eos
bos i live in haitian district where there are lot of universities . eos
bos i live in the southern part of this city . i rent a house . eos
bos my family is not big , there are only of us-my parents and i . eos
bos my father supports the family , and he is the sole breadwinner . my mother is a housewife . eos
bos well , i am a regular member of this club . eos
bos yes , membership fees vary depending on the club but usually they run into tens of thousands of dollars . eos
bos very few , unfortunately . eos
bos extremely good . i shot a , including birdies ! eos
bos i am the oldest child . i have a sister and a brother . my sister is in college and my brother in high school . eos
bos thank you ! the same to you . eos
bos thanks . it is a lot better than mine , and it is new . eos
bos we are going to visit my sister in the city . eos
bos about a year ago . she lives in an apartment on rd street , across from the public library . eos
bos i take the subway to work everyday , so i am used to it now . eos
bos i went to jessie's birthday party yesterday . it was very good . eos
bos the blue suv in front of the honda . eos
bos my name is sam . eos
bos i am fine . thank you . eos
bos i am from england . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos i just finished reading this article'getting old gracefully' . it is a very good article . eos
bos thank you . but i do not think i will bother . eos
bos oh , my dear , how can i forget such an important day ? i was just kidding . look at this box . eos
bos have a guess . eos
bos i am going to have my first baby , so i plan to hold a baby shower next sunday . eos
bos , i like baby showers , because they allow friends and family to share the joy and excitement of welcoming a new life into the world . eos
bos i am glad too . steven , i want to tell you that i am going to divorce my wife . eos
bos i am glad too . steven , i want to tell you that i am going to divorce my wife . eos
bos my wife has found that i have an affair with my secretary , and now she is going to divorce me . eos
bos i went bungee jumping yesterday . it was so exciting . eos
bos definitely , it is time to say bye-bye to the last year and to say hello to the new year ! eos
bos i want to be healthier this year , so i think i should take more exercise . eos
bos yeah , i just got back this morning . eos
bos we went shopping and went out to dinner a few times . and at night we walked around the city with some friends . eos
bos i know , they look very similar . eos
bos that was taken at the train station before we left . eos
bos hey ! i have a surprise for you . eos
bos there're many things i can do on weekends . eos
bos in the afternoon , i just ride my bike around the city or along the country roads for almost two hours . eos
bos i traveled the three gorges . eos
bos yes , we had a good time . the trip was terrific . we toured the three gorges by boat . its realty exciting ! eos
bos oh , i have an elder sister . she is married . her husband is a businessman . eos
bos i hate computer games . eos
bos scientists have found a second solar system in the universe . eos
bos it is just a system like ours , with a star and a number of planets going around it . eos
bos it is exciting news ! if we find a second solar system , we might find a second earth ! eos
bos i am sorry for that . i was so attracted by the beautiful scenery . eos
bos borrow morning . eos
bos i like to watch soccer games on tv , but i do not play . i watched every game of the world cup . eos
bos not really ! eos
bos he is not young as he looks . i think he is almost sixty . eos
bos it is better i do not know them . so i can say anything i want . eos
bos yes , i am a very good mother and successful career woman . eos
bos you can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself . eos
bos university graduates have difficulty finding a job too . there seems to be more and more competition in the job market eos
bos i hear scientists in the us have discovered a new aids vaccine . eos
bos nothing . maybe it is just the weather . rainy days often make me feel a little sad . eos
bos yes . it is one of the most harmful computer viruses in the world . people say it will break out again om valentines'day this year . eos
bos hackers are smart , and they want people to know about it . eos
bos there will be another sandstorm here tomorrow . eos
bos so on thanksgiving , family members will get together and enjoy a big thanksgiving dinner . kids will have lot of fun . eos
bos yes , we do . it is an exciting moment . eos
bos yes , most of the time . but , sometimes things can get difficult . eos
bos you know , sometimes patients can get very unreasonable . they may insist they are sick when they are not . eos
bos i know them . they are the two brothers living next door . eos
bos it is said that the father's will caused the dissension among the two brothers . eos
bos indeed , we got married too soon . eos
bos yes . however , i believe that marriage comes by destiny . i knew i would marry julia when i met her at the first time . eos
bos i am very interested in a new apartment near the taxing plaza , but the price is very high , i really cannot afford it . eos
bos its total area is about square meters . eos
bos the real estate agency says if i pay a down payment , i can move in at once . eos
bos stop all this fuss and enjoy the show . eos
bos they are all great skiers and very experienced . so i suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim . eos
bos well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine . eos
bos i like to stay here . eos
bos people are very kind down your way . you are lucky . eos
bos never . eos
bos maybe you cannot be so sure . eos
bos i went to croydon . eos
bos no , i went for an interview . eos
bos i visited the polar aquarium today . eos
bos it must have been fun seeing those unusual animals and birds . eos
bos normally at six . before that , they spend several years in the kindergarten or pre-school education center . eos
bos right . in the countryside , things are more complicated . eos
bos i would not say so . eos
bos honey , it is not so serious . it is just an animal . eos
bos yes . look at these historical relics here , amazing ! eos
bos for protection . some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air . eos
bos no , there is not . there is a vacuum in every box . eos
bos ok , i guess . my boss has been on my back recently . eos
bos you know , just giving me lots to do . i am really busy right now . eos
bos my husband is betting on france . eos
bos yeah , i think so . oh , by the way , i need to ask you something . eos
bos the restaurant across the street hired a new chinese chef , so i ordered some chinese food there for this evening . eos
bos actually , i prefer if you did not . air conditioning makes me sneeze . eos
bos i am going to a movie theater . you know there is a new action film produced by hollywood . a thriller , really . eos
bos here is a gift for you . i hope you like it . eos
bos maybe you do not believe it , but it was made by my grandmother . eos
bos cheer ! eos
bos half past seven in the morning . eos
bos adam , i am sorry ! eos
bos the bus i did catch got caught in a traffic jam . it was one thing after another . eos
bos yes , but there is a rush on at the moment , and my boss asked me to do some urgent letters . eos
bos it is exactly twelve minutes past seven . eos
bos i just dropped in to say goodbye . eos
bos just a minute . it is ten to nine by my watch . eos
bos hi , darling , i am thinking it is the time of your calling . eos
bos yeah . i saw a science program . it was quite interesting . eos
bos if so , we may live there someday . eos
bos sometimes i think television is too biased . none of them are completely objective . eos
bos the internet's a lot worse . eos
bos in driving the lane and shooting jumpers , but what really makes him formidable is his ability to switch up and dribble with his left hand . eos
bos he is just so-so in crashing the boards . usually he plays shooting guard . rebounding might not be his strong suit . eos
bos who would not ! my friend lee went so far as to get an autograph from him . eos
bos come on , you think about what to wear almost every day . there are thousands of clothes in your wardrobe . eos
bos they are too small . i want to ask them whether they come in a larger size . eos
bos me ? oh , no . in fact , i only took up dancing quite recently . eos
bos i am glad you say so . you dance beautifully too . it is lucky that i got you as a partner . eos
bos well , it is just that i think if you do not enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it . eos
bos it is a nasty habit . i cannot think why i ever started . anyway , it is obviously got you in its grip ! eos
bos who ? me ? could't give up smoking ? nonsense ! of course i could ! i know i could ! eos
bos yes , i did , but linda stood me up . she did not keep the date for the first time . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos we are fishing with worms . the fish seem to like them . eos
bos mary and tom are breaking up . eos
bos mary said she could not put up with tom , for he fell in love with another woman . eos
bos he has also become an independent producer and director . eos
bos in the kitchen , with his wife by his side he still puts on quite a dinner time show . eos
bos ok . then tell me what else you know . eos
bos hackneyed theme ! eos
bos nearly everything . eos
bos gangster movies . movie-goers at that time could get a look at the people involved in crime and their violent activities by watching it . eos
bos some people have also enjoyed watching psycho-dramas about the everyday problems that people have . eos
bos that is a heavy raining afternoon . i was standing under the eaves of a shop to evade the heavy rain . it is getting dark . eos
bos i will help you , lucy . look at what i have got here . in this small bottle , there is a magic love potion . eos
bos take my word for it . eos
bos i went to super junior's concert last night . it was fantastic . eos
bos i really love their dancing . they are all excellent dancers . eos
bos i have met a beautiful girl . eos
bos yes . at first sight . eos
bos at that time her back was ramrod straight as she sailed by , her tone is best , neither over-passionate , nor too cold . eos
bos and the ball is often kept flying overhead , drawing beautiful curves in the sky . such games are quite pleasing to the eye . eos
bos it is harmful . not only for yourself but for others . eos
bos that is right . but i do not think there are better ways . eos
bos yes , i am afraid i am . my husband is a smoker too . eos
bos no , but my husband smokes twenty or more a day . eos
bos i had my first cigarette when i was seventeen . eos
bos i tell you i must go ! eos
bos i want to ask alice if she would like to be my girlfriend . eos
bos the supply outstrips the demand in the job market and women are in a disadvantageous position as a whole . eos
bos that is right . eos
bos let me see now , is it or , i can never remember . . next birthday . tthat is it . eos
bos well . eos
bos i do not know where you are wasting your money but i think you need to take a look at what is really important . eos
bos oh , blonde , she is very blonde . quite short hair . eos
bos no , not at all . very straight . her hair comes down like this . just over the ears . eos
bos no . i am sure i know her . eos
bos it seems quite normal to me . it is pretty much what i want to do . eos
bos some of my friends do not feel the same pressure to marry . we all want to wait for the right moment . eos
bos they sure are . they are practically jumping in the boat . eos
bos we are catching most of our fish with lures . eos
bos we are using worms . eos
bos we went out in our boat . i have a favorite fishing hole out there . eos
bos he appeals to the fans thanks to two things eos
bos it is like information overload , not to mention the reliability of these papers and magazines . eos
bos good . fortune is usually ahead of the curve . and business week is very solid , too . eos
bos i would like reading books best . eos
bos literature and economy . eos
bos that is ok . eos
bos hello , mr . black , i am calling to say goodbye . eos
bos i wish i could stay a little longer , but a lot of things to do back home . eos
bos yes , i did . eos
bos yes , my friends like to get along with me well . eos
bos yes , i like to make new friends . eos
bos some routine job . files , documents , faxes and so on . eos
bos it depends . sometimes i am very busy . eos
bos there are three , my parents and i . eos
bos no , i live alone in a flat near my work place . eos
bos i often go to a place of leisure . eos
bos nonsmoking , please . eos
bos my surname is gao . eos
bos i cannot agree more . eos
bos in the united states , yes . but back in china , i went to concerts a couple of times with my parents . eos
bos i would like to book a table tonight . eos
bos eight . eos
bos eight of the clock tomorrow evening . eos
bos ten . eos
bos chinese food . eos
bos no , not too lavish . eos
bos we would like to have typical chinese food . eos
bos no snakes , please . eos
bos mao tai and qingdao beer . eos
bos six of the clock in the afternoon . eos
bos six . eos
bos okay , show me your card hand . here is mine . i have three kings and a pair of aces . eos
bos thanks again for buying the tickets . that was the most exciting live concert i have ever seen . that silver electric guitar was really cool . eos
bos janet jackson is more pop music . shania sings country music . celine just seems to hit all the right notes . eos
bos i hope you have a good stereo . eos
bos a korean film called friends , starring sang dong-gun . eos
bos i thought it was pretty good . eos
bos well , i am no movie expert , but those special effects were impressive by any standards . eos
bos you should read the book . the original story is much better and has a different twist at the end . eos
bos i like the old styles of dance . such as fox-trot , waltz , rumba , tango and so on . they are all graceful . eos
bos they seem to have been born with certain natural endowments in technical sports , in which flexibility , agility and quick reflexes are favorable . eos
bos the chinese olympic dream teams led the way . they swept the floor against their opponents in table tennis and diving . eos
bos in a better position in those sports that demand a high degree of intensity , speed and explosive force like swimming , field games , etc . eos
bos very interesting ! eos
bos that is great ! i love to dance to fast music . eos
bos there is a story about breakdancing in the paper . eos
bos according to the story , it is some sort of modern dance style . eos
bos i am glad you say so , you dance beautifully too . it is lucky that i got a partner . eos
bos in the scorching summer days , there is nothing like a cool swim . currently , i go to the pool twice every week . eos
bos that is why i have to refrain from even thinking about it . and i find jogging a very agreeable substitute . eos
bos it is mild , but it is not always pleasant . eos
bos yes , i can see . the summer heat is over , and the winter cold is still far away . eos
bos autumn is also very nice in washington . eos
bos no , it is not . but sometimes it snows a lot in winter . eos
bos that is true . many people from the south do not like the weather here . eos
bos no , i am from the north . i was born in beijing , actually . eos
bos i am glad . eos
bos i am doing business through internet now . eos
bos yes , very good . eos
bos also it has low cost , and you know you only need to pay the fee of internet , which is very cheap . eos
bos to be frank , sometimes it is not so safe as doing business through traditional ways . eos
bos yes , but if you choose some good bb websites , such problems can be avoided . eos
bos you have balls on the table , solid colored , striped colored , a black ball , and the white ball . eos
bos the white ball hits the colored balls . and you want to get the colored balls into the pockets . eos
bos sure . i often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores . eos
bos and the goods will be delivered to your place . eos
bos one of the common uses of pc is that people can buy goods through it without going out to the physical stores . eos
bos that is great . m ost of my family is coming home too . eos
bos my sister . she is going to her in-law's house this year . eos
bos i hope that i get what i asked for . eos
bos i did not sleep much last night . eos
bos every night he keeps me up . eos
bos me too . recently , i have made many friends on the net . every day i talk to them and share many interesting things with them . eos
bos we are doing'secret santa'at the office again this year . eos
bos oh , that is great . i want to try later . eos
bos wrong . lt's not a place name , but a passionate act . eos
bos ahahah . you miss her point for sure . h k actually is an acronym for'hug and kiss' . eos
bos i am just trying to complete today's crossword puzzle . whenever i get the time , i like to do the crossword puzzles in the paper . eos
bos i guess the games i like the most are the ones that i am good at ! eos
bos well , i like to play darts . whenever i go to a bar , i usually play for a few hours . eos
bos my parents used to love to play checkers and dominoes . we used to have family tournaments every weekend . eos
bos everyone in my family really enjoys playing card games . eos
bos no , i prefer to play with people i know . eos
bos i just stayed at home and watched tv . eos
bos yes , it was a very evenly matched game . eos
bos it ended in a tie . eos
bos it was three all . eos
bos if barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won . eos
bos that explains it . eos
bos that was the last game before the playoffs . eos
bos i also heard that tom cruise and katie holmes made an appearance at the oscars . eos
bos i think tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but i do not think he won anything . eos
bos if he did not have any drug problems , he would have won . eos
bos guess what ! i know something you do not know ! eos
bos that is easy . everyone knows that there are nine . eos
bos we actually know relatively little about space and the cosmos . eos
bos i suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way . eos
bos and one night last weekend , he came home really late , way past his curfew . eos
bos he told me that his friend's car broke down and they had to walk home . eos
bos oh , nothing . eos
bos i finally worked up the nerve to ask diana out . i was just writing a note to put on her desk . eos
bos at least in a note , i can get the words out without turning beet red . eos
bos well , i guess you do not want this note , then . eos
bos you are kidding ! i cannot believe you have been standing this entire time and did not say anything . eos
bos hi , mary . this is tom . eos
bos but she wants to learn the butterfly stroke eos
bos the actor in the lead role is fantastic . i suppose the chorus could be a bit better , though . eos
bos actually , the woman playing ophelia is a past classmate of mine . eos
bos that is only part of it . i absolutely adore this director . every play he works on turns out great . eos
bos i have never had a part in a play before , but i used to be a part of the stage crew in high school . eos
bos i once helped out with costumes , but i did not enjoy it very much . eos
bos but life is not really all that . you should take the initiative and make some changes first . eos
bos you might as well sleep out for a longer hour . eos
bos the same to you ! eos
bos thanks . you too ! eos
bos bob ! eos
bos deep running water can train people's spirits , and enable people to be fearless of the hardships , dangers and difficulties and become brave and staunch . eos
bos fine , they are colorful and tasty . eos
bos i do not think it was the problem with your hands , you did several excellent spares . you have no problem with your hands . eos
bos and when it comes to the i second roll , there is no pressure . that is why you could bowl all those spares . eos
bos well , it is started raining since then . look out the window ! it is pouring rain out there ! eos
bos ok . i will go move the car if you turn the heat on . it is a bit chilly in here . eos
bos i am . eos
bos you look so young . eos
bos i want to do everything i can . eos
bos there are clubs for beginners . it is cheaper to buy those rather than rent them a few times . eos
bos this little wooden stick is called a tee . eos
bos my native place is shanghai , which is a very beautiful cosmopolitan city . eos
bos i went to play tennis in the public park . eos
bos i usually play with my schoolmates . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos china . eos
bos yes , i have just come back from scotland . eos
bos i only had time to visit edinburgh . eos
bos it is fantastic . eos
bos i went there on business . eos
bos i guess , in the back of my mind , that is what i expected . eos
bos yes , it is so exciting , though i had the most falls in our skiing team . eos
bos of course there is . the top-level coaches there are from the state sports general administration . eos
bos yes . my face even ached in the icy wind . eos
bos no , quite the opposite . i thought i would never stop falling down . then all of a sudden i started skiing much better . eos
bos everything goes well , but i am thinking about quitting my current job . eos
bos i get antsy not because you praise a guy , but because you may be taken for a ride by a guy like him . eos
bos i have no reason to distrust him . he is never caused any harm . eos
bos nothing smells a rat . i told you that he is an all-right guy . eos
bos but i am told that you dance wonderfully well . eos
bos no . just occasionally . eos
bos it is hard to say , but i do love the foxtrot and waltz . eos
bos to tell you the truth , i do not like it . it is too noisy . eos
bos i hope so too . i will give him a call when we get there . eos
bos i went on a trip with my family last week . eos
bos we went to europe . eos
bos london , paris and a few other cities . eos
bos i do not know whether she has it bad for me , but she enjoys being with me . eos
bos anything you say or do might make it worse . just try to ride out the storm for a while . eos
bos oh , never mind . i am just going to do the laundry today . eos
bos to be honest , i am really fed up with work at the moment . i need a break ! eos
bos i have to work on saturday all day ! i really hate my job ! eos
bos it is a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city . eos
bos i can just use my beach towel . i love lazing around in the sun . eos
bos my friend is driving , so we usually all chip in a few dollars for gas money . eos
bos sure , they do . eos
bos he is going to turn six next month . eos
bos any time is fine . eos
bos any time will suit me . eos
bos the one in florida is disneyworld and the one in california is disneyland , so you must have been to disneyland . eos
bos well , i have never been to either so i was thinking of going to disneyworld for my honeymoon . eos
bos congratulations ! i had no idea . eos
bos if you do not think twice about the rides and go on every ride that you can , you will have a good time . eos
bos next wednesday . eos
bos yes , i have . eos
bos ten days ago . eos
bos yes , traffic was not much today , so i made it to the office earlier . eos
bos well , about an hour or so . eos
bos certainly . eos
bos at our club . eos
bos it needs a lot of servicing before it can go out on the roads again . eos
bos well , first of all , it needs a new engine , which is extremely expensive . eos
bos they do . once my son was born , there was no reason to drive this car anymore . it is only a two-seater , you know ! eos
bos the heating controls do not work anymore , so it always feels like it is about degrees in the car even in the summer ! eos
bos the brakes do not really work that well anymore either . eos
bos i had to look after my son at home . eos
bos he has a fever . eos
bos a man is pursuing me . he was my schoolmate in college , and he has been carrying a torch for me for three years . eos
bos yes , i do like him . eos
bos they are my family eos
bos lily broke up with me last week . in fact , she dumped me . eos
bos i am a student . eos
bos nick , it is very nice of you to see me off . eos
bos no , they live in shanghai , my hometown . eos
bos no , it is easy . eos
bos no , he is not . eos
bos good ! eos
bos only once or twice at the most . eos
bos one of my friends seems to be on good terms with sue . eos
bos nothing but the best from my dad . i like everything about it except for the brakes . they are a bit sticky . eos
bos that is easy . it is important to have the saddle high enough so that your legs can extend fully when you are on your bicycle . eos
bos it is great . and i have heard that listening to mozart can make you more intelligent . eos
bos yeah , that is why i can enjoy myself in it . eos
bos from then on . classical music has been an important part of my life . eos
bos peak periods always entail hours of queuing . at least you got a nice tan though ! eos
bos my friends and i just got back from bali . eos
bos yes , we were lucky . my friend's father owns a resort on one of the islands , so we were able to stay for free . eos
bos i took a few diving classes , but i did not really like it , so i did snorkeling instead ! eos
bos i have got quite a few pictures of all different kinds of fish . i will show them to you next time i see you . eos
bos it would be good for both if they lived separately . my parents want to live apart from us . eos
bos hi . eos
bos yes . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos sure . it is pm . eos
bos ok . eos
bos i am hungry . i would like to eat something . eos
bos i would like to go to an italian restaurant . eos
bos the song you hear now . eos
bos because . i heard john got married yesterday . eos
bos avril lavigen ! eos
bos yeah , i worked as temporary staff in her concert . look , her poster , a cd . eos
bos not really . but i like some of her songs . she is actually very talented . she is a song writer and fashion designer , too . eos
bos yeah , though i do not think her acting skills are that great . eos
bos she looked sweeter than her pictures . eos
bos no , i do not want to eat anything . eos
bos i am down in spirits . eos
bos i do not know . i never went to one . eos
bos you were told is not quite right , if you could meet him in person , and you will know he is very agreeable and capable . eos
bos mike , come and look at this painting of shrimp ! it is so simple yet so vivid ! eos
bos well , qi is famous all over the world , is not he ? besides i am quite interested in chinese painting . eos
bos titanic is playing tonight . it is a blockbuster . eos
bos i get a lump in my throat whenever i see a tragic movie . eos
bos he is still pretty sick . eos
bos i went to play tennis in the public park . eos
bos i usually play with my schoolmates . eos
bos hi . eos
bos i can bet the farm that you will regret about your decision . you cannot find a better one . eos
bos as a matter of fact , he has not been feeling too well . eos
bos he is a little sick under the weather . eos
bos it is about degrees centigrade . eos
bos the weatherman says it is going to snow tomorrow . eos
bos i think i will soon get used to it . eos
bos lt's about c , but in winter the temperature may fall to - degrees below zero . and we have a long winter . eos
bos he is been out of work for a couple of days . eos
bos nice to meet you too . eos
bos i am a doctor . eos
bos i am a teacher . eos
bos i teach english . eos
bos at a high school in new jersey . eos
bos it is . oh , it is the first of april , april fools'day . eos
bos it is fine today . eos
bos it rained all day yesterday . the weather was awful last week . eos
bos let me see . it is five minutes to eleven . eos
bos it is by my watch . eos
bos at of the clock . eos
bos i am afraid it gains a little . eos
bos that is susan . eos
bos she is a lawyer . eos
bos no , but she speaks english fluently . eos
bos yes , i know her . we are friends . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos i do not know him , but i think my sister does . eos
bos oh ! i hate rainy days ! eos
bos oh , the ink is spilled on the desk . eos
bos but now you see , i am just a common office clerk . eos
bos i stayed up last night . eos
bos my manager is very pushy . he assigned me two projects . now the deadlines are near but i have finished neither of them . eos
bos well , i like playing the violin . eos
bos that is really interesting . eos
bos yes , that is why i never drink it . eos
bos but if the tea is good and well prepared , it will do much good . eos
bos that is true , but it must not be allowed to stand long . eos
bos yes . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos weeks . eos
bos yes , she just got here yesterday . eos
bos no . i have never been there . eos
bos i will go to japan on business for days next tuesday . i want to exchange some japanese yen . eos
bos not really . i plan to bring some cash and withdraw money at the atm in japan . eos
bos nope . you can use the credit card to withdraw the money in foreign countries . eos
bos not good . i lost my wallet . eos
bos no , i think it came out of my pocket when i was in the taxi . eos
bos then i'ii make reservations for pm for a party of four . eos
bos i hear the drinks and food there are moderately priced . you should be fine . eos
bos i am feeling very sad . i just read the newspaper . eos
bos i just do not want to play table tennis any more . eos
bos i sat through about half of it but they lost me after that . eos
bos but they are showing what will be all the rage next year . eos
bos now we can start to see them coming back in again . eos
bos there were some famous ugly women in history . eos
bos though they were ugly , they had great virtue . eos
bos she lives in san francisco . eos
bos i think she is lived there for about years . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i have two kids . a boy and a girl . eos
bos jack and stephanie . eos
bos stephanie is and jack is . eos
bos stephanie is . she goes to college in washington and jack works in florida . eos
bos she studies english . eos
bos the sea water treatments are supposed to be really good for you . eos
bos nothing . i am just asking . eos
bos flowers for my favorite girl . eos
bos what a nice dress , jean . you look marvelous ! eos
bos he will come out with surprises . just wait and see . look at that woman , with the white chiffon ! eos
bos yes . all international ping-pong tournaments have become a demonstration of chinese supremacy in the sport . eos
bos sure . there is a careful mechanism for selecting players from provincial teams , and those lucky dogs have to observe strict rules . eos
bos yes , she is my favorite girl . i have decided to go steady with her . eos
bos sure . she is the ideal girl , the one i had dreamed of . eos
bos well , it is a birch tree . it is not as old as you think . eos
bos i went shopping . eos
bos yes , i bought a few things . eos
bos at the mall on th street . eos
bos pop . it is maria carey . eos
bos let us eat at the restaurant across the street from my apartment . eos
bos he has big blue eyes and long blonde hair . eos
bos you are making a federal case out of it . one unhealthy love affair cannot ruin anything . it could even make your life more interesting . eos
bos it is not raining , darling . the bench is not wet . eos
bos yes , i can . eos
bos no , not this weekend . i have too much work to do . eos
bos my father lives in washington dc . eos
bos my mother died two years ago . eos
bos no , he is retired . eos
bos yes , two of my cousins live here and my aunt and uncle live about miles from here . eos
bos yes , i have two brothers who live in new york and a sister who lives in boston . eos
bos yup . eos
bos true , a sea food restaurant . eos
bos i did not notice . i do not really even know what i ate . eos
bos how wonderful it is to be in love ! it is love at first sight ! oh . he is my romeo ! eos
bos oh , mary . you have surprised me ! eos
bos oh , you have a crush on someone , do not you ? maybe those are wedding bells in your eyes ! eos
bos i want to say . eos
bos oh , yes . it is a great party . there are some people i do not know , though . eos
bos i have been having a hard time sleeping lately . eos
bos hello , steven ! eos
bos i am just a little tired . eos
bos i have a lot of work to do in the company recently . eos
bos pretty fine , thanks . eos
bos it was fantastic , but i am glad to be back ! being a tourist is really tiring ! eos
bos because it is off-season , we got a really good package deal to paris , so we went there . eos
bos i had had enough of art galleries , cathedrals , fountains , statues , and palaces ! eos
bos we had a few coffees , watched a movie , and went for a swim in the pool at the hotel . eos
bos do not ask such a question . you know it has no certain answer . everyone knows it is in his heart . eos
bos that is right . and his wife is a baby doll , too . she used to have many followers . eos
bos nice to meet you , too . eos
bos i am moblogging ! eos
bos it is especially good when i am on a business trip and my laptop happens to be away from me . eos
bos well , if i simply want to write a few words , i will send it by email or edit it all from the cell phone browser . eos
bos well , she is got a beautiful face and long curly red hair . eos
bos she is fairly tall , maybe inches taller than me . eos
bos not at all . she is actually very athletic . eos
bos no , but she does wear contact lenses . eos
bos she is got a gorgeous complexion with a few freckles on her nose . eos
bos pierced and she definitely has a few tattoos , one on her lower back , one on her neck , and one on her left foot . eos
bos it is a butterfly---everyone in her family has one . eos
bos yes , even her mother . eos
bos today people are hearing about information superhighways and the intermet . eos
bos recently , i have been obsessed with horror films . eos
bos i am fine . i have been out of town . i just got back . eos
bos oh , yes ! i completely forgot about it . eos
bos you know , it is ok for a girl to forget these big days , but for a guy , to do that is unforgivable . eos
bos well , i would better get back to work . i have got a ton of stuff on my desk ! eos
bos my aunt mary just flew in from cleveland and she laid one right on my right cheek . eos
bos okay , i am sorry . i believe you . eos
bos oh , amy . i am the luckiest guy in the world . eos
bos i may have to go to kl in a few weeks . eos
bos hi ! susan ! i have not seen you for ages ! eos
bos what a pin-up she is ! eos
bos i am all right , thanks . just a little tired . eos
bos it does not matter . i just feel a little dizzy . eos
bos sure , go ahead . eos
bos oh my , no internet access is killing me . eos
bos now i see , you must be suffering from discomgoogolation . eos
bos i plan to buy a car this year . eos
bos actually , this is a kind of addiction called'infomania'or'information overload' . eos
bos absolutely . eos
bos yeah , it is a must . otherwise , i may miss important phone calls and text messages . eos
bos sure i am . i have been writing a blog for almost three years . eos
bos i began blogging when i first went to the us for my graduate strides . eos
bos sometimes , i will post my pictures on my blog so my friends and family can get to know how everything's going . eos
bos may add several new entries in a week , and if i have got nothing to share , i may leave my blog untouched for weeks . eos
bos hi , lin tao . i have't seen you for some time . eos
bos we did , but since she started her new job , all she does is hang out with her new friends from work . eos
bos i went to a movie with my boyfriend . eos
bos also i like the actors , some really great new young actors . eos
bos there is some really dramatic footage . it is really quite a visual feast . and the soundtrack is moving . eos
bos the ending is a bit of a surprise . i do not want to ruin it for you . eos
bos ben cancelled his trip . eos
bos hello , jack ! fancy meeting you here ! eos
bos oh the name of the restaurant is on the tip of my tongue ! give me a second and it will come to me . eos
bos no . eos
bos my mother works in a company as an accountant . eos
bos she is my grandma . eos
bos we have volkswagen , pinto , plymouth and datsun . eos
bos twenty dollars per day for volkswagen , pinto and datsun , and twenty-seven dollars for plymouth . eos
bos my mother is a professor and my father is a manager . eos
bos this is my uncle , charles . eos
bos he was years old then . eos
bos oh , you may call him uncle , or henry . eos
bos he is a hero in our town . eos
bos yes , my old friend hanson lives there eos
bos i am going to london on business next week . but i know nothing about it . eos
bos happy new year , jim ! eos
bos i was away for my vacation . eos
bos to tell the truth , i feel tired . eos
bos i could not do that . i have an important meeting to go to today . eos
bos i do not know . it looks a bit red , but i am sure it is nothing . eos
bos no , he is living in an old house in warton . eos
bos that is the one . eos
bos he did not buy it . his grandfather died recently and left him loads of money . eos
bos he still has a complaint though . eos
bos very nice . it is warm in spring and cool in autumn . eos
bos it sure is . the grand canyon is truly a masterpiece . no man could ever make anything like this . eos
bos i have a large family . i have three older sisters , my twin sister , a younger brother , and parents . eos
bos we are identical . i mean , we look exactly the same , but we are complete opposites when it comes to everything else . eos
bos even though i do not have a blood relationship with my step-father and step-brother , i consider them to be my real family . eos
bos always wanted to be an only child so that i could always do what i wanted and so that i would not ever have to share . eos
bos what do you think of the one-child policy in china ? eos
bos on the other hand , i cannot imagine what china would be like if there were not a one-child policy ! eos
bos did not i tell you ? it is over ! eos
bos thing that happened was that we were supposed to go out for a romantic dinner for our one year anniversary , but she stood me up ! eos
bos no , but i ended up finding out later that night when i saw her with another man at a club near my home ! eos
bos the good thing is that i am so angry with her that i do not feel sad about not having her around . eos
bos i have to run to the grocery store . eos
bos yes , but i am out of food and milk . eos
bos it was so fantastic i did not really want to come home . eos
bos his name is tony and we met my first night in pathos . he works with my sister who lives there . eos
bos i did not think i would have anything to lose , so i went . eos
bos let us just say that by the third date , we both realized that we had fallen in love . eos
bos luckily , his company has a position available here , so he is going to see if he can get relocated . eos
bos not well . i have been feeling pretty lonely lately . eos
bos i do not feel like i really know any of my friends . in fact , i should probably call them acquaintances , not friends . eos
bos i know you are , you are my girlfriend . i wish i had a guy friend to hang out with sometimes . eos
bos my husband and i got married in a registry office with just two friends there as witnesses . but then we had three parties to celebrate . eos
bos it was not actually that expensive . eos
bos they could not afford to fly out to see us , and we could not afford to fly out to see them , so they understood . eos
bos spend ridiculous amounts of money on extravagant wedding receptions , but we agreed that the wedding party should be less about money and more about family . eos
bos we waited until our one-year anniversary to go on our honeymoon to africa . eos
bos i am reading a book about money management . eos
bos yeah , i think it is the best way to relax . eos
bos buying a house can be expensive , but there are ways to find cheaper houses . eos
bos sure , my sister-in-law and her husband just bought a house that way . they are pretty satisfied with it . eos
bos but when she died , she had no family left and no will , so the government had to sell it for her . eos
bos it was about years old . there were a few repairs that needed doing , but it did not take a lot of money or time . eos
bos yeah , it is very easy . but it is above nick's head eos
bos it is also located near the sea , so he can park his boats next to his house . it is absolutely amazing ! eos
bos it is just too big of a place to take care of on your own . eos
bos my dream home is actually just a small cottage in a quiet village in england . eos
bos old homes are great because they have got character . i think that is important . eos
bos no , that is just because i do not have enough money to buy new cloths all the time ! eos
bos good morning , kevin . eos
bos do not mention it . you know , we are old friends . eos
bos i want to travel . eos
bos it is friday . eos
bos it was a rather big mistake . when you work as an investment adviser , one small mistake can cost the company millions . eos
bos my boss will not believe me if i tell him the truth . eos
bos but i really do not want to spend my life savings on just living ! i would rather invest my money somehow . eos
bos table tennis . eos
bos yes , it can make people feel as if they were in the land of fairies . eos
bos fishing . it is great fun . eos
bos sports . eos
bos good morning ! eos
bos i feel much better , but i am still worried about something . eos
bos that is annoying , but nothing to worry about . eos
bos a school called me this morning to see if i could teach a few classes this weekend and i do not know what to do . eos
bos no , but we still stay in touch . eos
bos i listen to music and read . eos
bos nice to meet you . eos
bos oh , diane and i went for a drive in the country on saturday . eos
bos i live in an apartment downtown . eos
bos i have a house in the suburbs . eos
bos no , i was not . i came here in . eos
bos i was seventeen . eos
bos yeah . we went to a movie last saturday . we saw police partners ii . eos
bos richard did , but i did not . of course , i told him i liked it . eos
bos well , we went to a dance club . eos
bos i am not feeling too well . i have caught a cold . eos
bos not really , but i have got used to it now . eos
bos it is dry all the year round . usually autumn is the best season of the year in new york . eos
bos mary likes mountain climbing . eos
bos my friend george has been to switzerland twice . eos
bos yes , he likes the people and the quietness there . eos
bos yes , he once gave her seven roses . eos
bos thank you very much for your kindness . eos
bos oh , no , he likes the job . eos
bos i have been feeling sick for three days . eos
bos yes . i did . i enjoyed it a lot . there was a folk singer , a violinist and a pianist . eos
bos bob's sister will go to america . eos
bos all right , then . there is one at the new concert hall . eos
bos it is the powell orchestra . eos
bos they are doing a seventeenth-century program . eos
bos no , i listen to background music . eos
bos i visited the famous variety show host , dennis . eos
bos my brother joined the army last year . eos
bos oh , it has nothing to do with me . eos
bos i like the kid . he is so lovely . eos
bos you missed the film . that is a shame . eos
bos my friend jean is very beautiful . eos
bos perfect , and i like her charming eyes too . eos
bos they have moved to chicago . eos
bos oh , yeah . the total amount is no less than , rib , according to our itinerary . eos
bos yes , we are making plans for a tour . eos
bos well , you have got to prepare a lot of food and enough sleeping bags then . eos
bos i mean her personality . eos
bos i will always remember my college days . eos
bos it was one of the best times in my life . it was tough , but i made it . i became a college graduate . eos
bos i was so nervous . i could not find my cap and gown , but all worked out in the end . eos
bos sounds like you are happy with your decision . eos
bos it was also a proud day for me , but i also felt like a kind of loss that day . eos
bos while seeing others going to work or continue their study , i did not know what i would do . eos
bos well , i like others very much , but i really do not think much of this one . eos
bos this one . eos
bos i will give you a speech like that , too . eos
bos i have lots of friends . eos
bos i do not know , maybe one hundred . eos
bos of course . i have lots of best friends . eos
bos it is bulldog . eos
bos no . that is incomplete . eos
bos that is correct . eos
bos me too . eos
bos rude people are everywhere . eos
bos i heard the film was after the novel the godfather . eos
bos mario puku . eos
bos the sky is gray . eos
bos no . eos
bos do not you ever cheat on me . eos
bos i am pretty good . thanks for asking . eos
bos i have been good . i am in school right now . eos
bos i go to pcc . eos
bos oh ! ! my car is not working . i am waiting for a tow-truck . eos
bos yes , my wife is coming to get me . eos
bos i live downtown , with my parents . eos
bos katherine ? well , she is good at languages . eos
bos but there is one thing she is not good at . eos
bos oh , i am fine . eos
bos maybe . but i do not think so . eos
bos i do not know . eos
bos of course . eos
bos yes , i did . but i feel tired today . eos
bos and i bet you studied , too . eos
bos well , i did not clean the house and i did not study . i stayed in bed and watched tv . eos
bos i work for thomas cook travel . eos
bos that sounds interesting ! eos
bos i am a student , and i have a part-time job , too . eos
bos in a fast-food restaurant . eos
bos well , yes , i do . i am a real fan of wanton marsalis . eos
bos i like rock a lot . eos
bos good ? ! for them but not to me . eos
bos constant learning drive us to sharp our power of reasoning , analysis and judgement . eos
bos yes , she does . but she is working in washington , d . c . , right now . her job is top secret . eos
bos well . i think iq matters more . but it will not work without eq . eos
bos that is true , but what if one comes across some difficulties . he must rely on his eq to deal with them . eos
bos i think it is independent of iq and plays a prominent role in deciding the way we live our lives . eos
bos wow ! so many people in the united states get divorced ! eos
bos i do not think so . in korea some marriages break up , but most couples stay together . eos
bos not really . very few people get married beforethe age of . eos
bos they sure are . eos
bos yes , he stole a plane in canada and flew into the u . s . eos
bos yes . after two u . s . fighter jets followed him for an hour , he landed on a highway . eos
bos no , he just landed the plane and walked to a restaurant . eos
bos the police need our help finding a robber . eos
bos the tv news is reporting a bank robbery . eos
bos yes , he is feet tall , pounds , black hair , and about years old . eos
bos of course not . that would be racist . eos
bos well , i was born in ohio , but i grew up in texas . eos
bos in . i went to college here . eos
bos drama . i was an actor for five years after college . eos
bos yes , i am teaching math at lincoln high school . eos
bos oh , well , i have lost some weight . and my hair is longer than before . eos
bos it was terrific . i really enjoyed it . eos
bos i was there for about three weeks . eos
bos yes , most of the time . but it snowed a lot in chicago . eos
bos i like the pier too , because it is beautiful at night . eos
bos i am doing really well . eos
bos he always likes to say something as if all his geese are swans . eos
bos you know in china we usually do not open presents until the guests leave . eos
bos now i know why i split up with mike . we found we were simply not good for each other . eos
bos well , he is a typical sagittarius guy , while i am a cancer . we are not really compatible eos
bos but according to astrology , sagittarius guys are too adventurous and risk-taking . they seldom think of leading a settled and peaceful life . eos
bos beijing has several temple fairs recently . they are different from each other to some extent , but also have a lot in common . eos
bos frank has gone out with lucy again . eos
bos you are kidding . eos
bos it sure is . the grand canyon is truly masterpiece . no man could ever make anything like this . eos
bos i met mark yesterday . he looked blue . eos
bos i said he was nothing but a yeoman . eos
bos i would back him up to the hilt anyway . eos
bos it is said that john's broken up . eos
bos i do not know how to deal with jack . he is indeed a trouble maker . he has loused up my business several times . eos
bos i enjoy camping . eos
bos i love the fresh air , the scenery the exercise , and the time to think . eos
bos yes , both . last trip i fished a little and hiked five miles . eos
bos i like him very much . he is a gay dog . eos
bos not so good . i have a terrible cold . eos
bos yeah , you are right . eos
bos i do not know . but he must be a big shot . eos
bos not very well . he was white about the gills . eos
bos yeah , but he refused to take the medicine . eos
bos i used to be an atheist . but in recent months , i could not but form a more favorable opinion of horoscope . eos
bos it is amazing to find these forecasts largely in line with my daily life . eos
bos yeah , i heard it is going to be a lot of fun . eos
bos it starts at eos
bos everyone from school . eos
bos wow , that does sound like it is going to be fun . eos
bos we are putting together a birthday party for mary . eos
bos i thought that we could leave around eos
bos yes , we have invited four other couples , so it should be a good mix of people . eos
bos it is very hot , the temperature is often over c . eos
bos not really . but i like it in spring and fall . i do not like it in winter . eos
bos the winter is very rainy , i do not like the rainy day . eos
bos i lived there for three years . i like summer but i do not like winter . eos
bos we enjoy it too ! eos
bos yes , it has been a long time ! eos
bos i think that we last saw each other two years ago . eos
bos i have been going to graduate school at usc . eos
bos so do i . eos
bos i am so glad to meet you . eos
bos you look prettier than before . eos
bos yeah . the autumn is marvelous here . eos
bos that is a hard time . the air is cold and damp , and the road is often icy . eos
bos sure . eos
bos hey , this spot in the shade looks really comfortable . eos
bos good afternoon ! eos
bos yes . eos
bos hmm . it is quite warm now . eos
bos i like spring . eos
bos spring . eos
bos i dislike it most . eos
bos it is . oh it is the st april , april fool's day . eos
bos on th may . eos
bos th day of the fourth month . eos
bos it was funny . eos
bos well , we drove through the valley on our way there in the morning . it was a magnificent sight . eos
bos there was very little traffic , so we got there in less than an hour . eos
bos every day i talk to them and share many interesting things with them . i really enjoy it . eos
bos there is a square in front of us . we can park the car there . eos
bos yeah . i do it once a week . eos
bos i am looking for a comfortable convenient way to see the country . eos
bos everything is planned for you from the moment you step on board a luxury coach . eos
bos hello , jason , there is going to be a screening of final destination at our campus cinema tomorrow . i plan to go to see it . eos
bos the notebook is this type of movie . eos
bos oh , i make a phone call once a month . eos
bos there is something wrong with my girlfriend . eos
bos the department manager is all over her . he says he loves her . eos
bos of course not ! she thinks he is an apple-head . she does not like an apple-headed man , you know . eos
bos i am older than you ! i will be ten on april th . eos
bos you know in china we usually do not open presents until the guests leave . eos
bos it is ellie and her friends . eos
bos she is my little niece . it is her birthday . they are singing happy birthday . eos
bos i suppose they are playing games . eos
bos today . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i have an idea . eos
bos i am afraid many people would turn thumbs down on it . eos
bos hey , i still know my name . eos
bos in that case , you should go home and get plenty of rest . eos
bos yes , i can , but not very well . eos
bos at school . and i am still learning it now . eos
bos about three years . eos
bos now that i look back at it , it was not that big a deal . i should not have lost my temper . eos
bos that is pretty harsh . eos
bos americans also do not go to work on saturdays . eos
bos i am going to study . eos
bos she must be deaf . eos
bos it is lin . it is spelled l-i-n . eos
bos a week ago ? they met last summer and now just sink . they will be married soon . eos
bos yes , he is . he loves the girl very much . eos
bos a girl he met on holiday in spain , i think . eos
bos lisa , i am home . eos
bos pretty good . i have made a few friends already . eos
bos i think i will stay in on saturday and rest . eos
bos we planned our wedding for next may . eos
bos yeah , i did . but my fiancee has an important project . eos
bos i like pop music very much . eos
bos i said i like pop music very much . it is so lovely . eos
bos yes , look over there . that is the empire state building . my book says it is stories tall . eos
bos you are right , but when it was built in it was a marvel of technology and engineering . eos
bos patrick's cathedral and just across the street will be the world-renowed rockefeller center . it is a landmark in the history of architecture . eos
bos well then , there is a central park . facing the park on fifth avenue is probably some of the most expensive properties in the world . eos
bos well , you can just see the sea . between the factory chimneys . eos
bos we went all the way to the top . there were visitorsfrom all over the world taking photos there . eos
bos i went to harvard university . eos
bos i have not known . perhaps , i have got a bad memory . eos
bos yes , that is right . eos
bos oh , nothing special . i am just a bit tired . eos
bos we can go to see how a car is manufactured and learn more about the automobile industry . eos
bos i am not sure , but as far as i know , most factory tours are free . they are sponsored by the company providing the tour . eos
bos exactly . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos over there are stacy and rebecca . we are all on the school's tennis team . eos
bos yeah , and most excitingly , i met the girl living under me today . she is really nice . eos
bos man , i could tell from the moment i saw her , she is the girl of my dreams ! eos
bos i do not wanna lose before even starting . besides i think the other two american guys have also fallen for her . eos
bos not yet . but i am thinking of inviting her to dinner sometime . i know some good restaurants nearby . eos
bos not much . last night i met this great guy at the bar and we had such a wonderful time that we decided to meet again tonight . eos
bos i have the feeling that we are going to be great friends . eos
bos good news ! eos
bos oh , thanks a lot . eos
bos p . m . but i have got to check in at p . m . eos
bos i cannot understand why she always helps and supports her brother . eos
bos well , things are all right . eos
bos yeah , bob moved in last week . he is a nice guy and so far everything is cool except this girlfriend . eos
bos i often recalled the days when tom and i were madly in love . eos
bos yeah . he always tickled my finny bone with his college stories . eos
bos i have been thinking a lot about what to give her as a parting gift , but i still have no clue . eos
bos hmm , i think i have got an idea . maybe i can get her an ever-green plant to take back home . eos
bos it is too bad today . eos
bos my som was lost . i told him to stand rooted to the spot when i went shopping , but he ignored it . eos
bos no . someone had stolen a march on me and bought it . eos
bos yeah . they promised to stick together forever when they were young . eos
bos i am not sure . let me have a look . it could be a coffee grinder . eos
bos it is harmful not only for yourself but for others . eos
bos that is right . but i do not think there are better ways . eos
bos yes , i am afraid i am . my husband is a smoker too . eos
bos no . but my husband smokes or more a day . eos
bos i had my first cigarette when i was . eos
bos she told me that she is got tennis practice today . eos
bos cindy told me about you in our gym class . eos
bos we used to be very friendly , but it seems now that my daughter's marriage has taken its toll of our relationship . eos
bos yes . just think the blue sky , sunshine , mouth-watering food , centuries-old castles - - eos
bos yeah , we would have been lost without the help of the locals . eos
bos there is a grocery store , a book store , a gym , and many restaurants along the street . eos
bos it is very kind of you to come and see us off . eos
bos well , only you liked it really , darling . eos
bos it is got to be almost a year now . eos
bos i have been looking for a place to live recently . my lease runs out next month and i do not want to renew it . eos
bos not yet . but i am still looking through the classifieds . wish me luck . eos
bos she is going to get married . eos
bos i could not believe you should crack such a joke to them . eos
bos i agree . they are very lovely , especially huanhuan eos
bos the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they are priced according to the size . the bigger they are the more expensive . eos
bos i do not think so . all the souvenirs of the olympic games are very hot right now . eos
bos oh i am enjoying myself but it is so hot here eos
bos well it can be but shanghai is much warmer than london . eos
bos actually i think the buses and trains here are more modern . eos
bos that is because americans love sitcoms . eos
bos yes i have . i have been there three times in the past year . eos
bos no i have not . i have not visited the bund either . i have always had too much work to do . eos
bos yes i have . i went to the table tennis yesterday . eos
bos oh i fell over on the way to work . eos
bos yes i am . i got married five years ago . eos
bos we were in the same science class last term . eos
bos it was no big deal . eos
bos they are glad that i finally got a boyfriend . eos
bos no , he has mended his way . after his father died , he set his hand to the job of putting his business affairs in order . eos
bos at the new five spices restaurant in chaoyang . eos
bos well , brad from school asked me out just today . eos
bos but i do not know what to do . eos
bos my mom says no boyfriend until i am in college . eos
bos i heard that you are going on your first date friday night . eos
bos you are right . i love going out and making new friends . eos
bos well , there are certain factors that effect people's size and weight . eos
bos one study said that low-income groups have a higher percentage of over-weight people than higher income families . eos
bos and junk food contains lots of fat and oil . there is one final reason why so many people are fat . eos
bos sure , i will catch the train . if i cannot catch the train , i will get a taxi . eos
bos if he does not understand me , i will show him the office address on my business card . eos
bos it is gone with the wind . eos
bos well . i like the thorn birds best . eos
bos it is the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months . eos
bos i checked it out of the rental library . it only costs five cents a day . eos
bos i am exhausted . i need some sleep . eos
bos it is an excellent one . i like it very much . eos
bos i am going to hainan . eos
bos yes , actually it is my second visit . i was there last october . eos
bos i like football best of all . eos
bos it is a very good game . eos
bos i am pretty sure that jim will turn out to be a good lawyer . eos
bos well i wanted to go for a picnic but it rained too much . eos
bos i washed my car instead . eos
bos oh i did not go . i stayed at home with my family . eos
bos we watched lots of television and films . eos
bos perhaps we need to have more babies ! tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday . eos
bos oh , he is fine . kids seem to grow up very quickly nowadays . eos
bos so , he wants to have a more active retirement . good idea ! eos
bos for almost two years . eos
bos oh , yes . beautiful . eos
bos mr . smith often talked about you . eos
bos nothing much . i am going to the cinema on friday night but that is all i have planned . eos
bos oh yes , i have been to britain many times . i go there on business . eos
bos usually , i go to london twice a year but sometimes i go three or four times a year . eos
bos no , i have not . this is the first time i have been to china . eos
bos to be honest , i have never been to an asian country before but i have visited many countries in europe . eos
bos you look great . your make-up is perfect . eos
bos no , the one you have on looks fabulous , especially with your hair like that . eos
bos with that dress i would say your white diamond necklace would look perfect . eos
bos not much , just a house party with some friends . eos
bos tomorrow i will take you to some places that i am sure you will have interest in . eos
bos they are the folk antique handicrafts and collectibles exhibition halls . eos
bos there is one exhibition half for multiple collection , and several individual display rooms for private collectors . eos
bos great . sweet wines are my favorite . they always make a great finish to a decisions meal . eos
bos excellent choice . i love its smooth flavor . eos
bos i am happy . i just bought a new car . eos
bos it is a great car . it is very comfortable and it goes really fast . eos
bos put it this way it was not cheap . eos
bos sure , but let us get a pitcher this time we should be able to down it before they close . eos
bos it is big and exciting but noisy . eos
bos you can see the forbidden city . eos
bos yes , i have too much work to do at the moment . eos
bos well , she is tall and pretty . eos
bos i suppose so . we are both friendly and easy-going . eos
bos coffee , please . eos
bos i do not think so . coffee helps me wake up , keep alert , and improve my short term memory . eos
bos i will be leaving on the fifth of august for the vacation eos
bos i am taking two weeks now . but i want to save the other week and take it sometime during the winter . eos
bos to the beach eos
bos that is right eos
bos last night eos
bos yes , i enjoyed it very much . eos
bos let me see . ah , yes , i have been to england , france , germany , italy and now i have been in spain eos
bos two weeks eos
bos look ! this is st james park . and there is buckingham palace eos
bos it is on the other side of the palace . eos
bos yes , you are right . politicians of all kinds , religious people , and one or two madmen . eos
bos august st . eos
bos yes , we do . my parents prepare dinner for me . eos
bos we sing happy birthday at the party and have birthday cakes . eos
bos in , patty smith hill and mildred hill wrote a song called'good morning to you' . but later someone added the words'happy birthday'to their tune . eos
bos oh , i took up a new hobby . eos
bos it certainly is . it is so much fun . eos
bos my sister was taken to the hospital yesterday eos
bos maybe it is the most difficult period of my family have experienced . eos
bos fine , thank you . eos
bos jack and mary broke up . eos
bos jack was seeing a girl from his hometown . one day , may saw them holding hands and ended the relationship immediately . eos
bos maybe it is for the best . they are not suitable for each other because they have nothing in common and are completely different people . eos
bos anyway , she was right to end things and she deserves better . eos
bos to be honest , i am a bit fed up . eos
bos there is a girl in my company that i really like but i always get shy when she is around . eos
bos the film will start at eos
bos yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc . eos
bos as a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that is not too expensive . eos
bos this is tough to say , jordan , but i think we should break up . eos
bos yes , i mean it . eos
bos i knew this would happen some day . eos
bos hello ? eos
bos yes , it is . but i have got a lot of work too . eos
bos nothing . eos
bos our neighbour's tape recorder is so loud that it annoys us to death . i have made up my mind to cut the electricity off . eos
bos ha ! it is not like you have ever been one to beat around the bush . eos
bos i got my father's goat last night . eos
bos a really dreadful accident and many people were killed . eos
bos i am swapped with work after - day holiday . eos
bos he asked me to beef up in the work . eos
bos he was very rude and told me to mind my own business . i cannot put up with that . eos
bos the cat has eaten my fish , i will kill it . eos
bos he is in the bedroom and fallen asleep . eos
bos i am tired of your cut-and-dried opinions . who do you think you are ! eos
bos it is said that the government will clamp down on the new policy . eos
bos willing to help , maybe , but not as helpful as you think . eos
bos but you are too slow to follow them . eos
bos if i were li na , i would ask her if she had done that . eos
bos it is ok . it seems we have a lot in common . eos
bos he is tall and slim , fair-haired . eos
bos he is a nice guy and very considerate . i was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor . eos
bos maybe he is busy with his work . just wait and try not to think about it too much ! eos
bos i was born in beijing , but i spent most of my childhood in london . eos
bos i had a pretty strict upbringing , and my parents taught at universities so they have extremely high expectations for me . eos
bos i graduated from university of newcastle upon tyne with a degree in cross culture communication . eos
bos i am a journalist . i write for china daily . eos
bos i decided to explore other fields . journalism is great fit for me as well as a challenge . eos
bos you dance beautifully too . eos
bos it is hard to say . it depends . but i love the waltz . eos
bos yes , i am the guy . eos
bos hang on one second . hear me out , just this once , isabella ! eos
bos waiting for someone . eos
bos but promise me , you will keep it a secret . eos
bos i have fallen in love with my boss . eos
bos bo , of course not . he is still single . eos
bos i bet my button dollar that he will not . he is no more than a nine day's wonder . eos
bos well , the state will benefit a lot , i suppose . eos
bos do not dress like that . you will make fool yourself . you look stupid in that robe . eos
bos maybe it is . but it is out of fashion . eos
bos i wonder how sarah and mat are . eos
bos yes , i watched once . eos
bos i could not agree more . actually , i am a beijing opera fan . eos
bos i do not know how to deal with jack . he is indeed a trouble maker . he has louse up my business several times . eos
bos yes . i have been here for three years . eos
bos well . i am rather disappointed with it . eos
bos i will accompany my wife to the hospital . eos
bos the stepmother was very wicked . she could not stand a happy smile on the boy's face . eos
bos he has reached puberty . his mind and body both will change a lot . eos
bos a mr clinton , it is nice to see you again . eos
bos yesterday when i went to hospital to see her , you cannot imagine how greatly surprised when i saw her . eos
bos susan is going to get a divorce . eos
bos all the soldiers in that country are armed to the teeth . eos
bos john dates her seven times a week . eos
bos good afternoon , johnson . eos
bos every year , the south has the floods . it is an act of god . eos
bos i think , in some way it is an act of god , but in another way , it just is caused by us . eos
bos yes i can . i speak it very well . eos
bos i lived in england when i was a child . eos
bos listen to this . mary got married . eos
bos she is going to live in paris . eos
bos i am not in the mood . eos
bos he is nearly . eos
bos i am . what is more , his wife is . eos
bos yes , she is . and guess what , he is her sixth husband . eos
bos believe it or not . everybody is talking about it in the company . eos
bos i am here as a tourist . eos
bos john got a heart attack last night . eos
bos jack wonders whether linda likes him or not . eos
bos yes , i went there once last summer . eos
bos the only thing i did not enjoy was the subway . eos
bos hi , nancy . come in please . i am just putting away on my books . eos
bos how nice ! i can see you are busying packing . i am sorry to interrupt you . eos
bos well , mary types faster than jones . but i think jones types more carefully . eos
bos jones can certainly take down letter more quickly , but mary's short hand is the best in her class . eos
bos i am sorry . i forget all about it . eos
bos yes , she does . she works at home . eos
bos and my first nephew . he looks a lot like you , mum . he does . eos
bos well , black is a better color than pink . pink's for girls . eos
bos i am sorry , dad . but you cannot do that . it is for me to decide . eos
bos i did not say i would already decided , dad . i said it was for me to decide . there is a difference . eos
bos yes , i did . eos
bos i think so too . it is just pointless . eos
bos no , they have got engaged . eos
bos well , my dear , i did not believe it either . but i got it straight from the horse's mouth . david called me this morning . eos
bos last weekend , while they were on their ski trip . eos
bos my goodness ! she is thirty seconds faster than the world record in metres race . eos
bos yes , that is right , around five nine five ten . eos
bos i am not sure . medium i suppose . maybe a little on the heavy side . eos
bos no , i do not think so . eos
bos no . eos
bos black or dark brown . eos
bos straight , i think , and about average length eos
bos i feel confident of his ability to cure my daughter's disease . eos
bos not yet . but i wonder if i can get my parents'consent . eos
bos i used to have the same problem when i was with my ex . eos
bos i just let it go and continued dating with my korean boyfriend . but finally we broke up . eos
bos simple . we had personality clashes and there were too many cultural differences . eos
bos but you should have told me you were in love with her . eos
bos i did not think you would be interested . eos
bos but i cannot bear it , john . eos
bos not particularly . i like fat girls . eos
bos yes . but i like a girl with a nice personality . eos
bos great . my family came to visit me . eos
bos i have a small family . they are my parents , my younger brother and me . eos
bos yes , it did . but my parents are ethnic minority people . it is a preferential policy for an ethnic minority family to have two children . eos
bos before he was born , i used to be the only child and always dreamed that i would have a younger sister or brother one day . eos
bos no , i have not had a chance to . but i have been watching a chinese tv scries called chinese-style divorce . eos
bos i have not got enough evidence for prosecuting him . eos
bos i am just thinking about that , but the trouble is , i do not know who is well in the know . eos
bos i am very fond of you . eos
bos to be honest , i would not . eos
bos not really . but it has puzzled me for a long time . eos
bos yes . it seems she can never accept a childless marriage . we had a fight last night . eos
bos sally ? she is a bachelor girl . she is an excellent designer . many of the company's advertisements are her child trains . eos
bos i wish he could too . eos
bos he is a bit tired , you know . it often takes him a couple of hours to brush up . eos
bos he was once a poor man but now he is a man of means . eos
bos i did not expect to see you at this hour . you must have goofed off again . eos
bos i did not expect to see you at this hour . you must have goofed off again . eos
bos he said i have a big nose . i wonder what that means . eos
bos i am fed up with marriage . eos
bos at that time we did not have a good english studying environment . i have to keep my dictionary on hand . eos
bos so do i . the sun . the sand . the ocean ! eos
bos yes , if that is all right for you . eos
bos i cannot stay here any more minutes . eos
bos no , i just started working here at ibm , i am in the sale department . eos
bos he such a nice boss , i like working for him . eos
bos i have got some bad news about the bike you lent me . eos
bos i fell on the way to school , and your bike got scratched . i am really sorry . eos
bos there is a tornado warning on . my mother just told me she heard it on the radio . eos
bos it means that a tornado has been seen somewhere in the area . eos
bos if we hear something like a loud train coming , then we have to go in the basement . eos
bos that is what tornadoes sound like . they sound like trains . they are very loud . eos
bos some can move across the ground at miles an hour . that is very fast . others are not so fast . eos
bos it was very interesting to watch . but it was heading toward my friend's house . so i quickly called them on the phone . eos
bos no , it did not . but they are glad i called them . eos
bos they had no idea a tornado was coming toward their house . if it had hit them , they could have all been killed . eos
bos yes , it is me . eos
bos no . worse than that . i have a flu . i am in bed with a fever . eos
bos i would like to do it , of course . but i just cannot . i am afraid i would fall down in the middle of it . eos
bos except i will not make the chicken soup . right now i do not think i could swallow more than a spoonful of it . eos
bos it really hurts . eos
bos to hell with you . the accident was your fault . eos
bos hello , jack . happy birthday ! eos
bos i have some good news for you . eos
bos jenny is getting married . eos
bos tom , that lucky guy . eos
bos last week , it said that he fell in love with jenny at mrs . whit is party last monday as soon as he saw her . eos
bos july , the national holiday . eos
bos jenny plans to hold it in church . eos
bos you know , tom is my best friend and he asked me to be his best man . eos
bos oh , i feel miserable . i have got a bad cold , my head is dizzy and my nose is running . eos
bos as a matter of fact i have , the doctor said it will go away after a day or two . he is prescribed me some tablets . eos
bos yes , it helps me but i just have to wait and let my system do the work . eos
bos my refrigerator is piled up with food . but if it is not too much trouble for you . i would like something to read . eos
bos the bride's parents'seating arrangement is on the left side of the aisle and the groom's parents is on the right side . eos
bos hi , lucy ! eos
bos yes , it is very great . eos
bos you are right , mary's father is responsible for the entire wedding-arrangement , costs , etc . i think he must spend much money . eos
bos what a nice tie you are wearing ! eos
bos certainly . it matches your suit perfectly . eos
bos we go way back . we have known each other since we were toddlers . eos
bos well , he is , but he can be conniving at times . eos
bos well , i know that he would never stab me in the back . but i have seen him double cross other people . eos
bos do not get me wrong , i am not saying he is like that all the time . eos
bos my friend finally dumped her boyfriend , and she is sworn she is going to abstain until she finds the right man to marry . eos
bos i am proud of you for standing by her . i think you have helped make a big difference in her life . eos
bos yeah , i have lost touch with most people as well , but i still see rose occasionally . eos
bos ok , i suppose , but she is had a rough time in the last few years , she got divorced . eos
bos all my joints seem to hurt and i have a terrible headache . eos
bos no , not yet , but i do feel a little feverish . eos
bos be sure to blow out all the candles in one puff . eos
bos here is a gift for you . i hope you like it . eos
bos maybe you will not believe this , but it was made by my grandmother . eos
bos after that , you may cut the cake . eos
bos we have not decided yet . there are a lot of things to sort out , you know . eos
bos yes , i have always dream of having a big wedding . eos
bos it is interesting , i like being an editor . eos
bos i am getting along with my colleagues . i will enjoy working with them . people are great in this industry . eos
bos thanks to your help . to our friendship . eos
bos that was the most magnificent meal i have had abroad . you will have to let me reciprocate the next time you are in beijing . eos
bos we do not . eos
bos at hotels and some restaurants they add a service charge to the bill , but other than that , tipping is not customary . eos
bos what sort of western food do you like best ? eos
bos my wife and i did not used to spend this much money . eos
bos oh , do not talk to me about yesterday ! it was the most awful evening i have ever had . eos
bos well . john had promised to be my date , but he stood me up . i waited for a full hour in the cold wind . eos
bos oh , hi ! i am barbara johnson . nice to meet you . eos
bos barbara . but please , just call me barb . eos
bos i am studying medicine . eos
bos i am an engineer at ibm . eos
bos much better today . eos
bos so they say . eos
bos hello , this is mark speaking . eos
bos that is too bad . you will have to be more careful nest time . eos
bos that is wonderful ! we have got to celebrate ! eos
bos i am from canada , originally . eos
bos montreal . eos
bos we moved here when i was fourteen . eos
bos well , i went to high school here , but i went to college in texas . eos
bos no , i traveled for a while in europe after college , and then i lived in france . eos
bos let us see . that was about six years ago . eos
bos i want to say goodbye to everyone . eos
bos hi , martin . i have been looking for you all morning . eos
bos i want to say goodbye . i am leaving for america tomorrow . eos
bos nice to meet you . eos
bos good . eos
bos yeah , i have been there twice . eos
bos oh , it is fantastic . eos
bos on my first trip i went to tokyo , and on my second trip i visited kyoto . eos
bos and the restaurant are excellent . but they are kind of expensive . eos
bos kyoto is lovely . it is full of beautiful old temples and gardens . it is a very historic city . eos
bos well , i used to hate cooking , but now i love it . eos
bos after i tried french food . before that , i used to cook really boring things for my family . eos
bos yeah . i went to california to study . eos
bos i was there between and . eos
bos yeah . i hate all this traffic . it is really noisy . eos
bos i cannot stand making decisions . you choose ! eos
bos yes , it is . hi , tom ! it is a real surprise to see you here . eos
bos not bad i guess . i just got back from hawaii . eos
bos good morning mike ! eos
bos i can feel it . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos certainly . mr . lee's office building at the south end of the campus , just beside the library . eos
bos my pleasure . eos
bos the day before yesterday . i only visited montreal and ottawa , but i had a great time . eos
bos that is hard to say . i think ottawa is prettier . it has better sightseeing , too . a lot of museums and galleries . eos
bos montreal is more exciting . it has better shopping . the stores are cheaper and more interesting . eos
bos well , rose , eos
bos billy , you are late again . eos
bos he is already mad at you for last times . any more and he might fire you . eos
bos hello , kevin . i hate to do this , but i have to cancel our appointment . eos
bos jane , i was wondering if you you had any plans for saturday afternoon . eos
bos around six pm . eos
bos out of sight , out of mind . eos
bos so i heard . eos
bos it is a typical of them to do so . eos
bos hi charles , i want you know that i finally found an apartment in haitian . eos
bos around seven . eos
bos he is a teacher , but he makes a little money on the side by repairing cars in his free time . eos
bos when she told me that she would marry no man but dick , my heart was almost in my mouth . eos
bos hi , kenji . eos
bos oh , hi justin . this is karen hepburn . we met at chris and jim's party . eos
bos my mother likes to split hairs . eos
bos i am tired of everything in my life . eos
bos we must set dollars aside each month . eos
bos we are going to buy our own house . eos
bos john passed away . eos
bos i do not know why i married him . eos
bos i will be hanged if i lying . eos
bos mary and i decided to ring the curtain down on our love affair . eos
bos my mother is ill in the hospital . eos
bos unbelievable ! i remember her husband is her former classmate . they fell in love with each other in college . eos
bos you will ask for it . eos
bos yes , i know . eos
bos yeah . i could not stand living here . there is always much noise in the neighborhood . eos
bos mike promised to help us . eos
bos mary is such a cautious girl ! eos
bos he is playing hob with the fact . eos
bos we quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left . eos
bos but i put my foot down and insisted on her forgetting that . eos
bos he is penny wise and pound-foolish . eos
bos he thought he could take jimmy in , but you know , jimmy is no fool . eos
bos it it true of many countries . eos
bos in my opinions , someone else has caused the fire of this house . eos
bos i have some problem with my work . eos
bos i can solve it , thanks . eos
bos yeah . but in my heart of hearts , i find he is not very much to my liking . eos
bos i hear the school is very modern . it has the best equipments . eos
bos he is all right . but i think he seems to have no back bone . eos
bos susan has got married . eos
bos her marriage was a hole and corner affair . eos
bos you tried to seduce me . i fell for you . eos
bos i do not dare to look after the children now . eos
bos i heard tom was caught stealing something again in the supermarket . eos
bos no . i do not suppose he is to blame . the man in the other car made a big mistake . eos
bos yes , he is been like this for two weeks . we do not know what to do . eos
bos i am sure you never dare to go against your wife . eos
bos i want to give our kitchen the works . eos
bos no . the decoration has been out-of-date . my friends have a whole kitchen now . it is modern . eos
bos yeah , i want my own house very much , so i decide to buy one . eos
bos i think i am crazy about her . eos
bos mr . brown is in hospital again . eos
bos it was really hard for our parents to save money when they were young . eos
bos i am going to the hospital . eos
bos professor wang was hurt in a traffic accident . eos
bos yeah , he came back from america last week . eos
bos tom and helen got married at last . eos
bos i do not think so . eos
bos one family skeleton of my family was that my younger brother has an axe to grind . eos
bos he began to be interested in finance because he thought he would be able to inherit the family's fortune . eos
bos ask john . he is sure to know about it . eos
bos i am worrying about my husband . eos
bos uncle , have a heart , please lend your new car to me . only once . eos
bos i have a big date tonight . eos
bos yes . eos
bos mike has changed much after marriage . eos
bos there was something wrong with the plane last thursday . eos
bos flight . fortunately , there were few passengers . eos
bos this is the result of women's liberation . eos
bos i will be away for a moment . eos
bos not because i am keeping an eye on the baby . eos
bos old dyson looks as if he maybe kick the bucket any day . eos
bos i have ever seen a living being looked so thin . eos
bos hi , peter . i am afraid i cannot make it to dinner tomorrow night . eos
bos yes , we are . eos
bos in the spring . eos
bos well . we are not sure yet , probably in st . albans . eos
bos yes , that is right . eos
bos we are going to buy a flat or a small house somewhere in south london . eos
bos hi , sterling ! eos
bos professor wood ? i think he is a brilliant scientist . eos
bos it will be held at the music hall . eos
bos yes , i did . i enjoyed it a lot . there was a folk singer , a violinist and a pianist . eos
bos but i . i do not agree with that , because computers weaken kids'ability to think , because kids do not learn basic skills . eos
bos i would rather you typed it . eos
bos yes , i am going to the cinema , dad . eos
bos try to be more careful in future . look ! you have damaged the sign . eos
bos he is nearly . eos
bos i am . whatsmore , his wife is . eos
bos yes , she is . and guess what , he is her sixth husband . eos
bos believe it or not . everybody is talking about it in the company . eos
bos terrible . eos
bos and in my opinion , medicine is making us healthier . eos
bos yes , i watched once . eos
bos i could not agree more . actually , i am a beijing opera fan . eos
bos when in rome , do as the romans do , they say . eos
bos not always . but they like good meal . eos
bos if you ask me , i do not think it is guilty . eos
bos i mean it is not his fault . eos
bos do not dress like that . you will make fool yourself . you look stupid in that robe . eos
bos maybe it is . but it is out of fashion . eos
bos just last week . eos
bos oh , i loved it . i only visited a couple of cities , you know . but i had a great time . eos
bos i am not crazy about it at all . eos
bos it depends . eos
bos it is delicious . eos
bos i went to harvard university . eos
bos i have not known . perhaps , i have got a bad memory . eos
bos i went to the doctor yesterday . eos
bos i said i had been to the doctor the day before . eos
bos he said i would got the flu . eos
bos well , thank you . mr . parry , for all your information . just one more question . eos
bos i used to play football regularly when i was at university . and i used to do athletics in the summer . eos
bos i was a runnera long-distance runner . eos
bos i like pop music very much . eos
bos i said i like pop music very much . it is so lovely . eos
bos but you should have told me you were in love with her . eos
bos i did not think you would be interested . eos
bos it is us . eos
bos oh , yes , but we used to do so much together . eos
bos i will meet you at the gate round about seven . eos
bos at the gate . eos
bos round about seven . eos
bos i told you not to forget to bring the letter . eos
bos maybe it is the most difficult period of my family have experienced . eos
bos let us speed up . we are going to be late again . eos
bos john got a heart attack last night . eos
bos i am here as a tourist . eos
bos there is a possibility . eos
bos i mean if you do not sell your shares now , it is quite likely that you will end up losing your shirt . eos
bos well , the state will benefit a lot , i suppose . eos
bos hmm , you may be right . eos
bos no . we could not possibly . eos
bos it will be summer . so it will be hot . eos
bos i liked it . i thought it was great . eos
bos not really . i thought it was disappointing . eos
bos thanks . eos
bos yes , but we should not get any thing too big . remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture . eos
bos fine , thank you . eos
bos i am a doctor . eos
bos i am a bus driver . eos
bos to new york . eos
bos tomorrow morning . eos
bos three days . eos
bos i am very fond of you . eos
bos she works as a teller in a bank . eos
bos yes . she goes three times a week . eos
bos she wants to be a manager . eos
bos i am waiting for a bus and going for a walk in the park . eos
bos yes . i commute five days a week by train . eos
bos it is really very good . eos
bos well , trains are frequent and come on time . eos
bos i usually take the five thirty home . eos
bos no , i usually have to stand . eos
bos on th may . eos
bos th day of the fourth month . eos
bos it is . oh it is the st april , april fool's day . eos
bos i am going to bill's house . eos
bos i am going to help him . eos
bos oh , i have been with my uncle for a week . eos
bos he must be happy . eos
bos yes . i have been to new york . i got back only yesterday . eos
bos this is my friend jenny . eos
bos it is snow . eos
bos they are blue . eos
bos it is brown . eos
bos aha . i have read of my roommate . i made a move today . eos
bos hi jane , you look great . eos
bos well , i swim and run every day . eos
bos well , i do not eat any meat , but i do eat fish and eggs . eos
bos oh yes , and fruit , i love fruit . eos
bos well , i never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . they are very bad for you . eos
bos i do not think so . i know i have put on weight this winter . eos
bos true , but english is harder than most . it is a crazy language . eos
bos to tell you the truth , i am on the diet . eos
bos me . too i like the festival best of all . eos
bos and special tv programs , fire crackers and the games to play . eos
bos you know why fire crackers are set off in festival . eos
bos and also to frighten away evil spirits . eos
bos so romantic . young people must have lot of fun . eos
bos oh , it is so quiet here . we have the park to ourselves , only you and me ! eos
bos the house warming party . eos
bos it is out in the suburbs . eos
bos yes , i have . i went out with them last weekend . eos
bos there is also a garden . eos
bos tom's taken the day off . he is rented a truck , and they should have all their furniture in the house tonight . eos
bos hi bill , i saw your grandma yesterday . eos
bos grannie always tries to stay fit and healthy . she is always making us kids eat the proper foods . eos
bos yes , that is right . eos
bos perfect . could not be better ! eos
bos it is just what i wanted . eos
bos i am not sure . let me have a look . it could be a coffee grinder . eos
bos oh , nothing special . i am just a bit tired . eos
bos jack ! it is rose here . eos
bos good evening , mr . smith . eos
bos mary , this is mr . wu , my new chinese friend . eos
bos hello , this is helen speaking . eos
bos hum , do not say that . maybe you can do something useful for me . eos
bos she must be deaf . eos
bos mr . green , i would like to introduce you to mr . brown . eos
bos hello , jack here . eos
bos i went to yale university . eos
bos i have a b . a . in economics . eos
bos i am twenty-seven . eos
bos yes , i have worked in a bank for the last years . eos
bos thank you . good evening , mr . dean . eos
bos glad to meet you , too . eos
bos i am from new zealand . eos
bos no , i have not , but i have seen several interesting advertisements in the paper . eos
bos nice to see you too . it is been a long time . eos
bos quite well , thank you . eos
bos no , i was driven by my husband . eos
bos yes , thanks . eos
bos it is gone with the wind . eos
bos well . i like the thom birds best . eos
bos it was terrific . the concert was really a hit . the symphony orchestra was so good that i was completely absorbed in their performance . eos
bos hi , mary . lily wanted me to buy her some things for the party . eos
bos it is the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months . eos
bos i checked it out of the rental library . it only costs five cents a day . eos
bos oh , it is lovely . think of the nasty weather we had last week . eos
bos of course . you see , almost everyone has some kind of hobby . eos
bos yes , i usually develop and print all my own photos . eos
bos i have just been reading an article about them . they will be used for all sorts of things now . eos
bos yes , i like collecting things . eos
bos several things , for example , various coins , stamps , stones and so on . eos
bos well , yeah , but i would be getting somebody else's problem . eos
bos pretty bad . i have had a bad cold for three days and still cannot get rid of it . eos
bos i am sorry that i was absent yesterday . eos
bos i feel much better now . eos
bos hi , mary , it is been a long time . eos
bos not so well . to be honest with you , i broke up with tom . eos
bos it is very hot , the temperature is often over c . eos
bos not really . but i like it in spring and fall . i do not like it in winter . eos
bos the winter is very rainy , i do not like the rainy day . eos
bos i lived there for three years . i like summer but i do not like winter . eos
bos my watch says half past five . eos
bos good afternoon ! eos
bos yes . eos
bos hmm . it is quite warm now . eos
bos all right , then . there is one at the new concert hall . eos
bos it is the powell orchestra . eos
bos they are doing a seventeenth-century program . eos
bos hey , this spot in the shade looks really comfortable . eos
bos yes , there are many cities where it is almost always warm . san diego , for example . eos
bos many . most of the cities in the southern part of the united states are hot all year . eos
bos most people grow accustomed to the climate , but there are many others who complain about it all the time . eos
bos in the north there are many cities which are very cold in the winter . boston and chicago are two of them . eos
bos but i do not think it is so nice . eos
bos silly , you should make sure he does . eos
bos but i would like to become a music teacher to teach children to sing , that dream developed in my mind when i was a child . eos
bos i failed my oral test . eos
bos i am not practicing enough . eos
bos it might be . you would better take a heavy sweater with you . the nights are usually quite cold at this time of year . eos
bos yes , you are right . eos
bos i like spring . eos
bos yeah . the autumn is marvelous here . eos
bos that is a hard time . the air is cold and damp , and the road is often icy . eos
bos sure . eos
bos i do not mind at all . eos
bos to tell you the truth , i am not married . i am still single . eos
bos to be frank , i was married once , and now i am single . eos
bos we would better go out for a walk . eos
bos spring . eos
bos i dislike it most . eos
bos it is harmful not only for yourself but for others . eos
bos yes , i am afraid i am . my husband is a smoker too . eos
bos no . but my husband smokes or more a day . eos
bos i had my first cigarette when i was . eos
bos i would like to say good-bye to everyone . eos
bos i have come to say good-bye . eos
bos i just dropped in to say good-bye . eos
bos i am calling to say good-bye . eos
bos well , it is ok , i suppose . we get about the equivalent of six months'salary . eos
bos i missed a credit payment last month . now my bank account's overdrawn , and the company is threatening to take back my purchases . eos
bos a new home health monitor . eos
bos thank you , mr . smith . i am returning to china today . eos
bos hello , jill . eos
bos i think your speech was excellent . eos
bos hello , bobby , it seems that i cannot arrive at your home by of the clock . eos
bos i am so sorry , i have been held up by the damn traffic jam for half an hour . i would have arrived but for that . eos
bos sorry , i had no intention . eos
bos i am terribly sorry to be so late . i had an article . eos
bos it is us . eos
bos oh i remember , i cut terrible calls , and you did not say anything about it . eos
bos a gold watch ! eos
bos look ! it is the start of the olympic games . eos
bos yes . i have won the first prize in the math contest . eos
bos i have decided to go to the cinema alone this evening . eos
bos nine twenty pm , i could not say . i cann't remember . eos
bos i have absolutely certain . eos
bos i am not quite positive . i think i went out at about half pass nine . eos
bos no , i did not . eos
bos that sounds terrible the way you describe it . but you know , not long ago i really suffered on the bus . eos
bos it was so full that i had to stand on one foot ! no kidding ! eos
bos i was afraid to put my hands down for fear of accidentally groping her . eos
bos susan , i am inviting you and frank to our house warming party this weekend . eos
bos mom , you know that andrea and i sometimes worry about you . eos
bos no way ! i like my apartment , and i like to be independent . eos
bos well , i am from chicago . there few people take the time to get to know their neighbors . eos
bos i saw an interesting program on tv last night . it was about elderly people . eos
bos but it looks like i am going to need to make a claim . eos
bos yep . every country in the world has a different system , but here we buy insurance from a private provider . eos
bos well , i have already got a job waiting for me back in my hometown . eos
bos my parents told me that if i went home , then i would have to find my own place . eos
bos nine total . seven children and my parents . eos
bos it can be hard , and there are certain sacrifices you have to make . eos
bos darling , i have news for you . bobby and his wife , evelyn , are going to have a baby soon . eos
bos evelyn imagines what their baby would be look like , since one parent is american and the other one is chinese . eos
bos it is still a mystery . because evelyn is only three-month pregnant . but she begins to take her maternity leave now . eos
bos at that time i could not depend on anyone taking care of the children for me . my husband seldom stayed at home . eos
bos i have been away on holidays for sometime . eos
bos you must have a wonderful time . eos
bos the first time we traveled together was in when we just got married . we spent our honeymoon in the alps . eos
bos wow ! eos
bos but i do not watch sports or buy sports magazines . i do not have much time to do those things . eos
bos that is great ! i have heard people say that before . eos
bos i cannot wait to retire . eos
bos that sounds boring to me . eos
bos baltimore defeated texas by points ! eos
bos i cannot say i am a big fan . i am from china , and football does not have a really big following over there . eos
bos and actually , if i had to choose between her and my games . i would probably pick football . eos
bos i do not understand why you always look so happy , so energetic . it seems like you have got good news everyday . eos
bos it is true . many students do the exercise when they have to . we have p . e . once a week . eos
bos i was turned down again . it is frustrating . i guess you have got to teach me some skills . eos
bos hi , don . what a surprise ! eos
bos i just go to dance everyday after work . i am taking an amateur dance class . i dance two hours everyday . eos
bos wow ! just the idea of going back to school fills my head with pain . eos
bos well , stress is a real thing . it is not an imaginary condition . eos
bos it causes all sorts of chemical reactions in the body . eos
bos they just had a couple of close calls every day , but today , we have dozens or even hundreds ! eos
bos i have to confess , i have not given it much thought . i am from china and halloween really is not celebrated there . eos
bos culture , ghost month is a period when the door between this world and beyond opens up and ghosts come back to earth for a visit . eos
bos mainly though , you need to feed the ghosts because they are hungry . eos
bos yeah . we set up tables with food , fruit and drinks and offer that to the hungry ghosts . eos
bos good point ! eos
bos i heard you are going to move . eos
bos you can call a mover . eos
bos hey , look at the offer i got in my e-mail . it says that i can get rich quickly while working at home ! eos
bos after that he will tell me how to earn much more money . eos
bos not exactly . the scam keeps on going , with the people at the bottom paying more and more money until they reach the very bottom . eos
bos however , i am having a small problem with my new colleagues . eos
bos at our old department , it was only three dollars for each birthday and there were only ten of us . eos
bos a grinch is a person who spoils the mood at a happy occasion by being selfish or unenthusiastic . you know - a party proper . eos
bos oh , please come in . nice to see you . eos
bos but actually it is not done yet . i am going to get a special pendent lamp . eos
bos that is right , we bought it the same day we came on the market . eos
bos and it is a bargaining . a house like this in river side costs double the price . eos
bos that is a nice area too . it will be a good investment for you . eos
bos do not say that . it looks like a dump now . i cannot stand it . eos
bos unfortunately , yes . eos
bos i thought paying a lower rent would be better , but now i am not sure . eos
bos i am reading about michael milliken , the bond king . eos
bos yup , you got it . criminals in america do a lot better if they are white-collar thieves . eos
bos because i want to tell you about the time that i saw a ghost . eos
bos i walked out of my room and was at the top of the stairs , when . eos
bos it was a big , green thing that looked like a person . it was in the kitchen , and it slowly moved towards the stairs . eos
bos i hid so that it could not see me . slowly it got closer and closer , until . eos
bos yeah , about . eos
bos oh , you mean palm reading . i have seen that before , but i do not believe in it . eos
bos ok , let us see , well , you have got a long life line , which is good , and the love line is strong . eos
bos say , wait , yes , it looks like you will do well in business , and your ambition will help you a lot , but . eos
bos but that makes thirteen people ! we cannot have thirteen people for dinner on friday ! eos
bos well , my dear . i did not believe either . but got it straight form the horse's mouth . davi called me this morning . eos
bos last weekend , while they were on the sik trip . eos
bos i know , but it is hard for me to get used to your relatives coming to visit us , and without warning . eos
bos i just found out that my husband is cheating on me . eos
bos that is what i thought . it seems that he is been seeing someone else for about two months . eos
bos she then asked if i was his sister , and i said no , i was his wife . she hung up immediately . eos
bos yeah , he first said it was someone from work . he gave me a lame excuse , and so i pressed him on it . eos
bos i am sorry , but i cannot go . eos
bos i have to see my daughter . eos
bos and now we have a two-year-old boy . we are very happy that he is healthy and smart . eos
bos right now he speaks mostly chinese , and he can say a few english words . but he will learn . eos
bos and i score three of them . eos
bos i feel confident of his ability to cure my daughter's disease . eos
bos suit wrote me a letter . eos
bos she got a master degree , and now she is going for her doctor . eos
bos i think it is easy . i could work in your class with no problem . eos
bos no problem . eos
bos are you kidding me ? it is going to be up a piece of cake . eos
bos i want to change my job . eos
bos and my first nephew . he looks a lot like you , mum . he does . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos he is fine . eos
bos david , i am going to china . eos
bos hi , mary , it is been a long time eos
bos not so well . to be honest with you , i broke up with tom . eos
bos oh , it is lovely . think of the nasty weather we had last week . eos
bos i am sorry that i was absent yesterday . eos
bos i feel much better now . eos
bos hi , lilly , it is so nice to see you again . eos
bos pretty bad . i have had a bad cold for three days and still cannot get rid of it . eos
bos i have changed my mind . eos
bos no , it is my sister . eos
bos she is . eos
bos yes , she is . eos
bos i have got a new boss . eos
bos john , i would like you to meet charles brown , our new manager at the airport . eos
bos he is short , well-built , and he is got light blond hair . eos
bos he has a mustache , if i remember correctly , and a light complexion . eos
bos he is in his late thirties . eos
bos yes , it is . eos
bos no , she is average . eos
bos they are dark gray . eos
bos it is blond . eos
bos yes . i have been here for three years . eos
bos well . i am rather disappointed with it . eos
bos that is in one month , and besides , this is a group date with all of our friends . eos
bos he is a very bi , on a good day , foot , i think in real life , and she is very nice . eos
bos i talked to them probably about two weeks ago . yeah , everything is going well . eos
bos yeah , depending on when my brother can come in . eos
bos not particularly . i was rather disappointed . eos
bos i want take shell on a date , but i do not have much money . eos
bos two . french and spanish . eos
bos well , french was my best subject at school . i can read and write it pretty well . eos
bos i can speak french and german . eos
bos i can speak german quite well , but i cannot speak french very well . eos
bos yes i can . i speak it very well . eos
bos i lived in england when i was a child . eos
bos you are going to get into a lot of trouble if you do that . eos
bos i sometimes find the shadow of death in front of me . eos
bos dave , wake up . eos
bos it is seven-thirty . i want to know who left this note on my desk . eos
bos it is a little green post-it note , stuck right in the middle of my computer screen . eos
bos the boss wanted to pay bob with stock options . but bob did not want to play that game again . eos
bos vince , i think one of your programmers is spying on us for webtracker . eos
bos it is not elvin . eos
bos not cash . but if our launch goes well , my stock options will pay off , big time . eos
bos i do not have to worry about rent . i live right here . eos
bos sorry , dave , i did not mean you . i am just not in the mood for this . i have work to do . eos
bos ha , she is unstoppable . i am learning so much from her . eos
bos i need to be motivated , vince . multi - motivated . as in multi-million . eos
bos vince says he cannot afford anybody else . we are got to come through . eos
bos my boyfriend says i work too much . that i spend more time with you than with him . eos
bos he said not to bother coming back . and i said , fine , i will not . eos
bos the only person who seems confident the software will be done on time is zina . eos
bos and people were very , very friendly and easy-going and i met a lot of international people in living sydney . eos
bos i saw a giant clam that had a really purple spongy inside that i was able to touch and then the clam closed up really quickly . eos
bos exactly . eos
bos hello todd . eos
bos australia ? oh , there is about twenty million people in australia right now . a little bit under , but close to twenty . eos
bos and perth is on the west coast , but sort of of out there by itself . eos
bos , growing up in brisbane , or maybe sidney because it is a big city , but brisbane has got the gold coast and the sunshine . eos
bos of flowers and it is quite different from western style flower arrangement because in ikebana's theory you can decorate one flower , only with one flower . eos
bos , and you need to learn how to fold the cloth so that you you use each part of the cloth only once to wipe the bowl eos
bos well , thank you . eos
bos yeah , well , actually , one of the problems is that i actually exercise a lot . eos
bos oh , please do not call me sir . just call me jason . eos
bos the worst thing was the guy behind me . he snored all through the night ! eos
bos the stewardess said it is not company policy to wake people up for any reason . eos
bos not much . but that is ok . i am a night owl anyway . eos
bos do not push your luck , dave . eos
bos i guess i am just a little nervous . i am giving everything i have to invoking , and . eos
bos exactly . eos
bos because i will not let it fail . eos
bos pretty well , thanks . still feeling the effects of jet lag a bit , but last night i got at lease six hours of rest . eos
bos you can even buy a live chicken there if you want . eos
bos these are all areas in london . , so obviously the bus is in london . eos
bos when i was younger , you used to get double-decker all over england but now you only tend to see them in the big cities . eos
bos i guess it is not too expensive , but the minimum price you would pay is , for a short journey , is about a pound . eos
bos maybe she is going to work or something and she does not want to go ! eos
bos not really , because i have not worked in england for a long time , so i have not taken a bus for a long time . eos
bos this place is so quiet and peaceful . it is really different from my pad at city . eos
bos morning , zina . just wanted to say thanks again ! eos
bos oh , yeah . i am glad you mentioned that . i think we need to hire somebody new to manage it . eos
bos and then she made the deal with micropower . vince wanted to sell for fifteen million . eos
bos that is right . and i am going to be vice president of marketing . eos
bos you can say that again ! eos
bos they work for zina now . eos
bos this is going to surprise you , but i am happy . i think you are making the right move . eos
bos yeah , i guess i did . they are going to buy invoking ? eos
bos no , you have not . you just do not care about me . you are an indifferent husband . eos
bos susan is going to get a divorce . eos
bos a lot of stars , including andy , justin , mendy . eos
bos you are right . anyway , things will be different as the days go on . she can get it . i have faith in her . eos
bos every year , the south has the floods . it is an act of god . eos
bos think , in some way it is an act of god , but in another way , it just is caused by us . eos
bos john dates her seven times a week . eos
bos eating is important . you are what you eat . it is not only a daily routine . eos
bos all right . i am going to the mcdonald's . eos
bos oh , that is good news for us . eos
bos first of all , we will design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits . eos
bos and he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs . eos
bos personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal . eos
bos yes , i like collecting things . eos
bos several things , for example , very coins , stamps , stones and so on . eos
bos how time flies ! now you are a college student out of a little girl . eos
bos could not be better . eos
bos i really wish mom and dad were here with us . eos
bos ew , danny , gross ! eos
bos i love snowy , because it is very very romantic . eos
bos hey , this spot in the shade looks really comfortable . eos
bos yes , i am afraid i am . my husband is a smoker too . eos
bos no . but my husband smokes or more a day . eos
bos i had my first cigarette when i was . eos
bos no , nobody . eos
bos well , to be frank , yes , i do . eos
bos actually it is . perhaps you have not noticed the sign . eos
bos i do not mind at all . eos
bos to tell you the truth , i am not married . i am still single . eos
bos spring . eos
bos i dislike it most . eos
bos it is harmful not only for yourself but for others . eos
bos that is right . but i do not think there are better ways . eos
bos my watch says half past five . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos it is half past twelve . eos
bos from one to two . eos
bos the house warming party . eos
bos tom and bill smith . they are both working now you know ? and they have bought a new house . eos
bos it is out in the suburbs . eos
bos yes , i have . i went out with them last weekend . eos
bos there are three bedrooms , a living room , a dining room , and a big kitchen . there is also a garden . eos
bos tom's taken the day off . he is rented a truck , and they should have all their furniture in the house tonight . eos
bos no , not at all . go ahead . eos
bos yes , we are . eos
bos in the spring . eos
bos well . we are not sure yet , probably in st . albans . eos
bos yes , that is right . eos
bos we are going to buy a flat or a small house somewhere in south london . eos
bos thanks , but i speak english with a strong german accent . eos
bos yes , i can , but not very well . eos
bos at school . and i am still learning it now . eos
bos about three years . eos
bos i am from germany . eos
bos yeah , but i can speak english , too . eos
bos to be frank , i was married once , and now i am single . eos
bos yeah . the autumn is marvelous here . eos
bos that is a hard time . the air is cold and damp , and the road is often icy . eos
bos sure . eos
bos it is very hot , the temperature is often over c . eos
bos not really . but i like it in spring and fall . i do not like it in winter . eos
bos the winter is very rainy , i do not like the rainy day . eos
bos i lived there for three years . i like summer but i do not like winter . eos
bos good afternoon ! eos
bos yes . eos
bos hmm . it is quite warm now . eos
bos all right , then . there is one at the new concert hall . eos
bos it is the powell orchestra . eos
bos they are doing a seventeenth-century program . eos
bos yes , i did . i enjoyed it a lot . there was a folk singer , a violinist and a pianist . eos
bos it will be held at the music hall . eos
bos of course . you see , almost everyone has some kind of hobby eos
bos yes , i usually develop and print all my own photos . eos
bos it was terrific . the concert was really a hit . the symphony orchestra was so good that i was completely absorbed in their performance . eos
bos but i do not think it is so nice . eos
bos yes , there are many cities where it is almost always warm . san diego , for example . eos
bos many . most of the cities in the southern part of the united states are hot all year . eos
bos most people grow accustomed to the climate , but there are many others who complain about it all the time . eos
bos in the north there are many cities which are very cold in the winter . boston and chicago are two of them . eos
bos a week ago ? they met last summer and now just sink . they will be married soon . eos
bos yes , he is . he loves the girl very much . eos
bos a girl he met on holiday in spain , i think . eos
bos we planned our wedding for next may . eos
bos yeah , i did . but my fiancee has an important project . eos
bos august st . eos
bos yes , we do . my parents prepare dinner for me . eos
bos we sing happy birthday at the party and have birthday cakes . eos
bos but later someone added the words happy birthday to their tune . eos
bos i am older than you ! i will be ten on april th . eos
bos certainly . eos
bos i often play badminton with my parents . eos
bos hey , i am good at playing it . eos
bos oh , i see . eos
bos i am a real man , and i like football . eos
bos it is ellie and her friends . eos
bos she is my little niece . it is her birthday . they are singing happy birthday . eos
bos i suppose they are playing games . eos
bos today . eos
bos yes . eos
bos mom , that is a stupid question . eos
bos sure . mom , i can take care of you . eos
bos i like blue . you see , that is the color of the sky . i wanna be a superman . eos
bos aunt jane buys a new bike for tom . he is putting on grand airs . eos
bos nothing of that sort ! eos
bos mom , it is ok . i will buy a big car one day . it is faster than the bus . eos
bos sure , come on in . eos
bos i am a back-packer from america . eos
bos i surely am . but still there is one single problem . eos
bos i eat more and more these days . and it puts even more weight on me . eos
bos here is a free class going on right over there . go and join them . eos
bos it is not so wise that you do not explore the children's market . eos
bos sure . then what about trying the treadmill or the skipping rope . eos
bos i know but i have no choice . my stomach just keeps crying for more and more . eos
bos do not pull my leg . eos
bos surely not . i can feel the results . i am starting to feel different now . eos
bos come on , just a little piece . eos
bos i know . eos
bos he lives nearby and he would just glance at the newspaper headlines , read the political sections and return them later . eos
bos he used to be a hero during the war time and everyone respect him . eos
bos yes , he has no children and his wife passed away when he was in the battle . eos
bos may , i really regret watching it with you last night . eos
bos of course not . i just thought the movie was . boring . eos
bos yes . what a good job we have done ! eos
bos oh , i am terribly sorry . but i was so captivated with the singer at the subway exit . so i forgot the time . eos
bos oh , no , it was a kind of pop art . i like it but i could not do it that well . eos
bos many oil painting exhibitions are there . that is a kind of museum exhibition . eos
bos both the pop music and the oil painting ate arts , but with different aesthetic values . eos
bos he was once a poor man but now he is a man of means . eos
bos sally . she is a bachelor girl . she is an excellent designer . many of the company's advertisements are her child trains . eos
bos i bet my button dollar that he will not . he is no more than a nine day's wonder . eos
bos jack wonders whether linda likes him or not . eos
bos i wonder how sarah and mat are . eos
bos yes , she does . she works at home . eos
bos it is dying hot today . my skin is too weak to be exposed under the summer sun . eos
bos the heat is driving crazy and i hate my new hat . eos
bos i thought you had trouble with clive ! eos
bos me too ! i was lost three times ten years ago . there were no english directions then . eos
bos it is clive of course . where did you come from ? every girl knows clive ! eos
bos he is everybody's type . eos
bos you know what , he is also an outstanding football player . he is surely to be a star of tomorrow . eos
bos wow , this is drop-dead gorgeous . eos
bos gee ! you scared me ! eos
bos yes , madam . no magazines during the office hours . i am sorry . eos
bos it is about sports for white-collar workers , people like you and me . eos
bos aerobic sports , for example , jogging , yoga , skating . eos
bos stretching exercise after sitting a long time . eos
bos well , we shall make it a secret between us . eos
bos oh , man , look at her , go ! she is amazing ! she should be my sis . eos
bos yes , i want to be her boyfriend . just like in the movie . eos
bos but running so fast is not good for people over forties . eos
bos in fact , in order to burn up your fat , you must take it slowly for a longer time . eos
bos honey , wait ! i have sprained my ankle . eos
bos hold on , do not move , i will take care of that . eos
bos i am a newspaper columnist . i write comments for a living . i enjoy working in a coffeehouse . eos
bos and the most important thing is coffee as it is my life . eos
bos irish coffee is my favorite . but i can drink any other . i am not particular on it . eos
bos i think instant coffee is becoming more and more popular . though its taste is not perfect , it is really cheap and convenient . eos
bos brazil exports a lot of coffee . but i love irish coffee . so it is hard to say . just depends on your taste . eos
bos yes , that is the exact thing we need . one for each . eos
bos that is for sure . during the back court , we should change the position we played . eos
bos wow , the cheer-section is coming . the music is so fantastic . eos
bos well , you should ask your friend . you know i am not the boss . just kidding . eos
bos yes , well done . that is the way to go . how clever you are ! you have got it . eos
bos exactly , next , you should hold your legs together and extend your arms above your head . eos
bos the seats in the middle of this stadium are great , but they are already occupied by somebody else . eos
bos of course , tomorrow evening there will be a most exciting game . eos
bos rockets vs lakers . yao ming , my idol , will appear in front of several hundred million of the worldwide audience . eos
bos that is really terrible . oh , god , we forgot to cheer for daddy . eos
bos hey , daddy , today i had really a fantastic history class . eos
bos we have learnt the story of zheg he sailing to west ocean . he is a real great navigator . eos
bos yeah , he , with his fleet , came across the indian ocean , and arrived at the east coast of africa . eos
bos of course , that is from to , which is in ming dynasty . eos
bos ok , great daddy , after supper , i will embark on it . eos
bos yeah , i see . you are just doing your job . but i wanna know what the advantages it has . eos
bos that is right . but the most dangerous thing is that their legs may spasm out of control when swimming . eos
bos yes , besides that , we also provide our customers with goggles , swimming suit and something like that . eos
bos i have said you will enjoy your life here ! eos
bos that is good ! eos
bos oh , my god ! that is my husband , benjamin . eos
bos i have noticed there are lots of exercise facilities in our community . after dinner you can go there for a walk with your family ! eos
bos there are security guards on duty hours a day and they patrol all over the neighborhood . you know , they are all very strong . eos
bos it will be ok soon . you see , i take this long-hour plane frequently , but the jet lag still makes me uneasy . eos
bos all of the chinese are proud of the great wall . and it was built before the in dynasty near shan haiguan-the first pass in the world . eos
bos you know , the low temperature may cause many problems . eos
bos when it grew popular , there came the winter olympic games , which includes a variety of winter sports . eos
bos it is a portable tv . it is a popular thing now . eos
bos news about current affairs , documentaries , music , movies , noncommercial ads and so on . eos
bos yes , there are something good and informative . i think that many people underestimate the value of tv in education . eos
bos of course . because the tv stations need to make money from commercials between the programs . eos
bos not always . it depends on the transmission of the satellite signals . eos
bos this must be his st birthday . no doubt about it . eos
bos wow . that is wonderful . eos
bos you can say that . but my band and i also sing regularly in several other places , too . eos
bos studying in the university is not easy , but it is not as arduous as you think . eos
bos of course i know . i once attended lisa's class , sitting quietly at the back of the classroom . eos
bos in universities , you study in a free and creative environment . eos
bos yeah . people always enjoy the lighted lanterns and the gala performances . eos
bos it is really eye-catching . it is the biggest dragon lantern i have ever seen in all my life . eos
bos very impressive . it is made of glass which makes it even brighter . eos
bos that is a good idea . you would better hurry up before they have filled all classes . many people are learning how to drive now . eos
bos of course i know . i just cannot see it very well . eos
bos any way , in a word , panda is our friend . eos
bos there are a lot of wild animals in that place , and also some special rules while visiting . eos
bos there , you only have two ways for visiting . eos
bos on their bus or in your own cars , and you will not be allowed to get off the bus until you reach the special region . eos
bos because it is dangerous to get out of the car or bus . you can just imagine how fierce the wild animals can be . eos
bos i have heard the hitchhiker would be on next week . i want to see it . eos
bos yeah , oh my god ! it is still there . we have our first date right on there . eos
bos look , forest gump is on at six thirty . eos
bos what is more , she does not have scandals . and she likes to take part in the charitable activities . eos
bos yes , a legend , also . i still remember , his movies , jurassic park and schindler's list got him nine oscar awards in . eos
bos the stepmother was very wicked . she could not stand a happy smile on the boy's face . eos
bos but i never saw them . eos
bos that is right . i can see them in my dreams . eos
bos no . their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space . eos
bos they look like robots , but they can speak . their mission is to make friends with human beings . eos
bos that is a relief for me and a misery for the children . eos
bos it is said that the government will clamp down on the new policy . eos
bos willing to help , maybe , but not as helpful as you think . eos
bos he asked me to beef up in the work . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos yes . i bet my bottom dollar that he will get promoted . eos
bos i am swapped with work after - day holiday . eos
bos ha ! it is not like you have ever been one to beat around the bush . eos
bos he spoke evil behind his back . eos
bos thanks for offering to give me a lift . i am looking forward to this party , but i did not want to go alone . eos
bos i was late getting back from the mall , but i am hurrying . eos
bos merry christmas ! eos
bos actually , i would forgotten about it . eos
bos it is all right . there are so many christians in america that everybody takes it for granted that i am christian . eos
bos the children made some of these decorations . here , you can hang this on one of those high branches . eos
bos thank you for showing me your offices , mr . becker . i can see why washington bureaucrats enjoy their jobs . eos
bos many people work for the federal government their entire adult lives . government service can be a rewarding and secure career . eos
bos it is hard to keep highly trained people , so the pay and working conditions have to be attractive . eos
bos i am mormon , so i go to the church of jesus christ of latter day saints . eos
bos in , a prophet named joseph smith was brought up by god to restore the church . eos
bos that means that they all have parts of the original gospel , but not all . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i wonder if i can ask you a question . eos
bos well . er . it is just . just that i . eos
bos i will accompany my wife to the hospital . eos
bos this small town has many serious problems . eos
bos yeah . you said it . eos
bos he is in the bedroom and fallen asleep . eos
bos john has not got married up to now . eos
bos i think it is easy . i could work in your class with no problem . eos
bos you are no able to move after this class . eos
bos i do not think so . i know i have put on weight this winter . eos
bos i usually go to the supermarket , near the station . eos
bos yes , that is right . eos
bos let me introduce myself , by the way . my name's thomas bradley . eos
bos glad to meet you . eos
bos me ? i am in the car business . eos
bos i work for american airlines . eos
bos oh , nothing special . i am just a bit tired . eos
bos no , you have not . you just do not care about me . you are an indifferent husband . eos
bos today is tuesday , th september , . eos
bos it is at of the clock . eos
bos it certainly was a great party . it is a pity that a glass and a plate got broken and someone spilled a drink over here . eos
bos everything will be finished within an hour . your friend keith is really funny . i liked his magic tricks . eos
bos i think that she had a litter too much of the punch . eos
bos very much . the birthday cake was delicious , was not it ? emily told me that she and karen made it themselves . eos
bos i wish he could too . eos
bos he is a bit tired , you know . it often takes him a couple of hours to brush up . eos
bos i have a typical to job . actually , i work a little longer than to most days . eos
bos no , i do not . i get a bonus each month , depending on the value of the contracts i sign with clients . eos
bos we can take coffee breaks during the day . my boss does not mind , as long as we get out work done on time . eos
bos i would love to have my own farm . eos
bos in my country , there is a time limit on the advertisements that can be shown . i think it is about six minutes per hour . eos
bos besides , the terrestrial channels offer a good range of programs . eos
bos well , there are several things . of course , you must do everything you can to keep costs down and revenues high . eos
bos they will be less efficient and you will get a high staff turnover . those things will increase you costs . eos
bos it is no good trying to sell computer games to older people . the market is too small . eos
bos the best thing to do in my city is go shopping . there are several indoor and outdoor markets , department stores and shopping malls . eos
bos cars are not permitted in several parts of city centre , especially in the main shopping areas . the public transport system is pretty good . eos
bos there are many sports events in my city . we have several sports venues for football , rugby , and cricket-even ice-skating and ice hockey . eos
bos i was on the school team for the long jump , and meter sprints and the javelin . eos
bos no , i was good at the long jump . i liked the sprints best . eos
bos yes , i m just reading them myself . it is been a great competition . we got gold medals in three events . eos
bos the woman who won the meters also broke the world record by seconds . eos
bos out best athlete broke his personal best in the long jump , but it only got him third place . eos
bos do not forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts . eos
bos my country is well know for being very flat . there are some hills in the southeast of the country . eos
bos perhaps people should stop eating animals . we could grow more crops . eos
bos sometimes you read about people who have been cruel to pets or other animals , but those stories are rare . eos
bos it was called unusual plants and looked at several species of plants from around the world which have unusual features . eos
bos well . there was one type of plant that catches insects and eats them . eos
bos no , it is not . it is a pity , because i would like to see it in action . eos
bos your garden is looking very beautiful this summer . the flowers are really colorful . eos
bos the main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case . eos
bos thank you . let met sign it for you . there you go . eos
bos i thought you had been to australia too . eos
bos i think i would say norway . it has many pictures as fjords , waterfalls , and mountains . eos
bos it says here that most of the people are han chinese , but there are minorities that make up almost of the population . eos
bos we can select cities from each part and give data for each one . eos
bos yes . the other large cities are chengdu , dalian , wuhan , tianjin , shenyang , chongqing . hongkong and guangzhou . eos
bos hi , alex ! eos
bos i just got back from london . eos
bos it was ok . there was a lot of turbulence , though . eos
bos it was hours . eos
bos yes , in paris , france . eos
bos in rugby , the ball is usually carried forward by players , though kicking is permitted . eos
bos however , players can only pass the ball backwards . they cannot pass the ball forwards to their team mates . that is a foul . eos
bos a team can also score points by kicking the ball between two tall posts at each end of the pitch . eos
bos this is called tackling , as in football . eos
bos however , the doctor gave me a list of food i could not eat for another hours , and steak was on the list ! eos
bos no , not at all . i stopped taking painkillers after a couple of days . eos
bos if we built more roads , people would just fill them with cars again . i think we should discourage people from using their cars . eos
bos i understand that he is connected to a heart monitor and breathing apparatus . his condition cannot be very good . eos
bos not rally . years ago , it was just a small insignificant village . eos
bos yes , it did . the names of those village survive as the names of parts of the city . eos
bos there was a castle near one village , so our city has a castle too . eos
bos i like basketball . i really enjoy watching the nba games on tv . eos
bos i do not really have one but i support huston . eos
bos i have the same problem . the players are really very skilful . i wish i could play that well . eos
bos we are doing pretty well this season . we have won most of our games , but we are not top of the league table . eos
bos not too well ! i am just to the doctor . i have not been feeling too well over the last few days . eos
bos i like to see what the ladies are wearing . of course , the men nearly always just wear the traditional tuxedo . eos
bos i am really not sure . usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders . eos
bos yes , i have been got all his albums and most of his films on dvd . i adore him . he is my idol . eos
bos yes . these posters are new . i bought them last week and put them up on my bedroom walls yesterday . eos
bos i was , but then i discovered you can find out everything for free on the internet , so i am not a member now . eos
bos of course ! i bought two copies . eos
bos all the paparazzi take photos of them wherever they go and whatever they do . they must get sick of it . eos
bos your computer will remember the page and you can return there quickly next time you want to visit . eos
bos i would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans . eos
bos i could do a lot of charity work , which would help a lot of people . eos
bos yes , it is . thanks . i am just surfing on the internet . eos
bos of course , i have to buy a cup of coffee ! eos
bos no . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . there are only about or places that offer it in this city . eos
bos then you attach the picture files to emails and send them to anyone , anywhere , at anytime ! eos
bos you have to be very careful and keep you computer clean . eos
bos i usually run it every few days . it finds a virus about half the time . eos
bos it is very good and you can download it for free on the internet . you can also download updates for free . eos
bos it only takes a few minutes to download . then you have to go through the set up procedures . but they are not complicated . eos
bos you can also make them brighter or darker and cut pieces from different photographs to create new ones . eos
bos yes , i like the job though . sometimes , i help other people in the office if they are having trouble online . eos
bos second , when you buy something online , you do not see it until you actually get it . eos
bos several of those civil wars have been going on for years and years . it seems they will never end . eos
bos it is so relaxing , taking a walk in the country . the air is so fresh and clean . eos
bos i can see a lot of advantage and disadvantage . the problem is that , for me , each advantage has its own disadvantage . eos
bos not at all . i am an agnostic . do you ? eos
bos i think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong . eos
bos i cannot believe my english teacher is making me read pride and prejudice ! eos
bos but it is so old . eos
bos first of all , it is a romance novel , set in the early th century . eos
bos it is basically about a father who tried to marry off one of his five girls . eos
bos that way , all of his daughters will be cared for . eos
bos i see . this sounds interesting ! maybe my teacher is not so horrible after all . eos
bos it is a program about islam . it is very interesting . eos
bos they are muslims on a pilgrimage to mecca . muslims call this pilgrimage haj . eos
bos yes . in england , christian pilgrims might go to canterbury and many christians go to the vatican on pilgrimages . eos
bos i think that place is lourdes . there are many stories of people being healed after visiting there . eos
bos it is a psychological thriller with some frightening scenes , but i hope audience will not be too scared to go to the movie theatres ! eos
bos we got on very well and i hope to work with her again . i enjoyed making the movie very much . eos
bos not at all . the feedback from audience has been great . i care about what they think more than what the critics think . eos
bos thank you very much for doing this interview . eos
bos yes , i do . i am learning chinese now on the internet . eos
bos actually , many of the characters are the same or very similar in both chinese and japanese , so they are easy for me . eos
bos it is about bob dylan . eos
bos he is a famous american musician . eos
bos it was written by howard sounds . eos
bos there are chapters in total . eos
bos shall we go to cinema this evening ? the new blockbuster starring mel gibson is showing . it is supposed to be really good . eos
bos i read a review today and the critic did not seem to be very impressed . eos
bos most emails are sent in english and the vast majority of website use english . eos
bos art is not for everyone . i am going to an exhibition tomorrow at the national gallery . it is an exhibition of greek and roman sculpture . eos
bos i also grew up in a big family . i have one older brother and three younger sisters . eos
bos the art critic from the daily chronicle does not think much of the max oreo exhibition . he says that the artwork is uninspiring and old fashioned . eos
bos i liked it . i did not think his works were masterpieces , but the certainly were not uninspiring , in my opinion . eos
bos when i was in china , i bought some calligraphy by famous artists . you should come and see it sometime . eos
bos this could become a very expensive trip to be beauty parlour ! eos
bos some people say that history repeats itself . eos
bos cindy's husband is ron . eos
bos they have two children-one son and one daughter-as well as one daughter-in-law and one son-in-law . eos
bos yes , they have three grandchildren-one girl and two boys . eos
bos yes , she gets along with them quite well . eos
bos that seems a little impolite in such a restaurant . eos
bos i walked along the canal for a couple of miles . actually , several other people had the same idea . i saw bill . eos
bos yes . they are completely different . paul is very sociable and much more honest than his brother . eos
bos you are right . i love going out and making new friends . eos
bos he is a year older than keith , but he looks younger . eos
bos so , he wants to have a more active retirement . good idea ! eos
bos i think it is mainly from the environment a person lives in . eos
bos no , but parents control a lot of the environment that kids grow up in , so they certainly influence their kids'personalities a lot . eos
bos you know , they know much more about the world from the internet , newspapers , and tv . eos
bos parents have a difficult job . they have to bring up their children and usually have to work too . eos
bos then he comes home from school and does homework before dinner . after dinner , he goes out with his friends . eos
bos oh , thanks a lot . eos
bos thirty p . m . but i have got to check in at thirty p . m . eos
bos he is huge ! he must go to the gym to have a well-built body like that . eos
bos we have different tastes . i like girls with short hair . i like tall girls - probably because i am so tall myself . eos
bos i am a doctor . eos
bos i am a bus driver . eos
bos she works as a teller in a bank . eos
bos yes . she goes three times a week . eos
bos she wants to be a manager . eos
bos yes . i commute five days a week by train . eos
bos it is really very good . eos
bos well , trains are frequent and come on time . eos
bos i usually take the thirty home . eos
bos no , i usually have to stand . eos
bos well , i thought i would come to see you , so here i am . eos
bos oh , i have been with my uncle for a week . eos
bos he must be happy . eos
bos thank you . good evening , mr . dean . eos
bos glad to meet you , too . eos
bos i am from new zealand . eos
bos nice to see you too . it is been a long time . eos
bos quite well , thank you . eos
bos no , i was driven by my husband . eos
bos yes , thanks . eos
bos more recently , margaret thatcher transformed british society in the 's . eos
bos they are quite incredible . if you want to see historical figures in london , there is one place you have to go . eos
bos yes . i have been to new york . i got back only yesterday . eos
bos i like the big star on the top of the tree . i will put the presents under the tree later , how is the food . eos
bos i think everyone will be coming . dave do not come because he has to go to his parent's home and they live in scotland . eos
bos yes , i did . i have put one on the table for each child . i put up the big happy birthday sign too . eos
bos there are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building . eos
bos we do not have a national day . eos
bos they are usually professionals who are taking a break from their jobs to pass on skills to others . eos
bos i think that jobs in the leisure industry will become more popular in the future . eos
bos not yet . i will cook dinner and have it ready by the time you get here . eos
bos this is how a holiday should be . relaxing on the beach with a nice cool drink . eos
bos that is great . he is the best runner i have seen this season . i am sure he will win a medal at the olympics . eos
bos i do not think we will win many gold medals , but i think we should win several silver and bronze ones . eos
bos two . french and spanish . eos
bos well , french was my best subject at school . i can read and write it pretty well . eos
bos i can speak french and german . eos
bos i can speak german quite well , but i cannot speak french very well . eos
bos you are going to get into a lot of trouble if you do that . eos
bos perhaps we need to have more babies ! tina gave birth to a baby boy yesterday . eos
bos oh , he is fine . kids seem to grow up very quickly nowadays . eos
bos yes , i think you are right . i am thinking about having a child , but not just yet . eos
bos no , they got engaged . eos
bos well , my dear . i did not believe either . but got it straight form the horse's mouth . david called me this morning . eos
bos last weekend , while they were on the sik trip . eos
bos positive eos
bos this is right . there is no doubt in my mind . eos
bos and in my opinion , medicine is making us healthier . eos
bos hmm , you may be right . eos
bos no . we could not possibly . eos
bos it will be summer . so it will be hot . eos
bos when in rome , do as the romans do , they say . eos
bos not always . but they like good meal . eos
bos there is a possibility . eos
bos i mean if you do not sell your shares now , it is quite likely that you will end up losing your shirt . eos
bos terrible . eos
bos lisa , i have been thinking of something . eos
bos well . i have done a lot of business for my company . and now i feel like going into business for myself . eos
bos my son likes going to the main post office . they have a philately counter where he can buy stamps for his collection . eos
bos we ordered some australian red wine , which tasted delicious and was not expensive . eos
bos there were oyster , shrimp , prawns , crabs , and fish . i ate a lot of smoked salmon . eos
bos i know . i did not eat any , but a few people in our group did and no one got sick . eos
bos not usually . i usually just order a main course and have a dessert if i am still hungry afterwards . eos
bos that is one of the conditions of my policy too . it covers you if you die before you retire and when you retire . eos
bos all the journalists and photographers are there . thirdly , it give them a chance to show what they would like to see people wearing . eos
bos i use my bank to exchange money from once currency to another . i often travel abroad , you see . eos
bos i sometimes use traveller's cheques , but sometimes i travel to countries where they are hard to exchange for cash . eos
bos i look at myself in the mirror . sometimes , it is not a pleasant sight , especially if i have been out late the late before . eos
bos a cold shower to wake me up and sometimes i need a hot one , especially if it is winter and i need to warm up . eos
bos if i am staying at home , i do not shave . eos
bos the picture are of things they want . people sign their name by the item they will buy . eos
bos i think it is an excellent way for everyone who knows the couple to help them set up home . eos
bos i know that my friend likes making her own clothes , but her current sewing machine is quite old and has some problems . eos
bos i had a big argument with david yesterday . i hope he is not still mad at me . eos
bos yes , but i got angry with him too quickly . he probably thought that i mistrusted him . i should not have got angry . eos
bos not much . i had to pay an unexpected bill , so i needed the money back . eos
bos no , we did not . i guess you are right . we should patch things up . eos
bos up , it would be a squeeze , but a few people said that they could not go , so i think it should be ok ? eos
bos believe it or not . everybody is talking about it in the company . eos
bos she must be deaf . eos
bos no . i am serious . i am going to quit my job . eos
bos come on ! do not be silly ! eos
bos maybe it is the most difficult period of my family have experienced . eos
bos yes , to tell you the truth , there is . eos
bos do not worry , but my clothes are made of leathers . eos
bos it is . oh it is the st april , april fool's day . eos
bos on th may . eos
bos th day of the fourth month . eos
bos aha . i have read of my roommate . i made a move today . eos
bos my friend jane is very beautiful . eos
bos perfect . and i like her charming eyes , too . eos
bos dark blue . eos
bos this is my friend jenny . eos
bos it is snow . eos
bos they are blue . eos
bos it is brown . eos
bos i liked it . i thought it was great . eos
bos not really . i thought it was disappointing . eos
bos hi jane , you look great . eos
bos well , i swim and run every day . eos
bos well , i do not eat any meat , but i do eat fish and eggs . eos
bos oh yes , and fruit , i love fruit . eos
bos thanks . eos
bos it is terrible how things have changed . you remember there used to be trees on all these hills . eos
bos no , they have all been cut down and now all the soil is washing away . eos
bos it is us . eos
bos oh , yes , but we used to do so much together . eos
bos i went to the doctor yesterday . eos
bos i said i had been to the doctor the day before . eos
bos he said i would got the flu . eos
bos he told me to stay in bed for ten days . eos
bos yeah , really . eos
bos hi , i am susan jackson . eos
bos i am a student at ucla . eos
bos medicine . eos
bos i went to harvard university . eos
bos i have not known . perhaps , i have got a bad memory . eos
bos french dressing , please . eos
bos oh , french dressing . eos
bos we still prefer french dressing . eos
bos not at all . but i have found satisfaction in it ! eos
bos no , i never do that . eos
bos i do not want to mark my table , of course . eos
bos it is gone with the wind . eos
bos well . i like the thom birds best . eos
bos it is the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months . eos
bos i checked it out of the rental library . it only costs five cents a day . eos
bos i have just been reading an article about them . they will be used for all sorts of things now . eos
bos yes , but they are used for other things , too . do you remember when we went to buy a ticket for the flight to paris . eos
bos but i . i do not agree with thatbecause computers weaken kids'ability to thinkbecause kids do not learn basic skills . eos
bos well , mary types faster than jones . but i think jones types more carefully . eos
bos jones can certainly take down letter more quickly , but mary's short hand is the best in her class . eos
bos i have got a new boss . eos
bos it is the end of the world for me . eos
bos yes , it is . eos
bos no , she is average . eos
bos they are dark gray . eos
bos it is blond . eos
bos to tell you the truth , i am on the diet . eos
bos and skipping meals will not help you lose weight . in fact your body will only store fat if you miss meals . eos
bos oh , it is so quiet here . we have the park to ourselves , only you and me ! eos
bos hi bill , i saw your grandma yesterday . eos
bos grannie always tries to stay fit and healthy . she is always making us kids eat the proper foods . eos
bos and special tv programs , fire crackers and the games to play . eos
bos you know why fire crackers are set off in festival . eos
bos and also to frighten away evil spirits . eos
bos so romantic . young people must have lot of fun . eos
bos hi charles , i want you know that i finally found an apartment in haitian . eos
bos good morning mike ! eos
bos i can fill in . eos
bos like to activate my cell phone , and i am not sure if i should go with a prepaid plan , or a monthly rate plan . eos
bos well , you are in luck ! you see , if you sign up for our three-year plan , we will throw in a handset for free . eos
bos , we are running a special promotion right now , and we are giving away a blackberry curve with our special mega value forty dollar plan . eos
bos oh , and we also offer a rollover option . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos certainly . mr . lee's office building at the south end of the campus , just beside the library . eos
bos my pleasure . eos
bos ugh , i feel terrible . i went out last night with trevor , and things got a little out of hand . eos
bos tell me about it ! we drank everything in the bar ! eos
bos hello , ladies . i am firing up the grill . we can eat in an hour or so . eos
bos eh , so so . eos
bos nah , not too flashy . eos
bos i guess . eos
bos oh , your precious game . you watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals ! eos
bos this place is amazing ! it is much bigger than i imagined , and much more exciting ! there is so much to see here . eos
bos that is fine ! do not worry about it ! eos
bos relax , it was just a goat ! eos
bos it is just the cows that are grazing over there . we can milk them later . eos
bos she will insist . it is a rosary . she has millions of them . take it . eos
bos me , too . i overheard someone say taylor has a brain tumor . eos
bos that could explain all his stomachaches . he is trying to hide it from us . eos
bos saint jude-he is the saint of lost causes . like my cousin , anna , who cannot stop getting pregnant . she is a lost cause . eos
bos yep . she is always got a bun in the oven . she was pregnant before marriage-a real sin in the catholic church . eos
bos no , not really . eos
bos i was sitting there giving out nametags and all of a sudden , there she was . eos
bos i just meant that she is got different taste . eos
bos she is pretty conservative . eos
bos yes . eos
bos i am not an expert , but that is the impression i have . eos
bos our company's wei-ya is tomorrow night ! it is your first chinese new year in taiwan--you must be excited ! eos
bos you have no idea ! there is a banquet with prizes , performances . you name it ! eos
bos no , really ! and she told me the secret to winning , wear red underwear ! eos
bos hi ! nicole ! eos
bos wow ! i am impressed ! eos
bos we are waiting in line to get one of master li's chinese couplets . i got one last year and i had good luck all year ! eos
bos yi-jun said femi was talking about you . so get out there , tiger ! eos
bos i would love that . i am so glad i quit . it is time for a change . eos
bos we would like to open another restaurant . with you as the head chef and manager . eos
bos yes . but you know him . he is just worried that you are not italian . eos
bos ah ! i know a way to convince him that americans can make good italian food ! eos
bos this girl i have been chatting with for the past couple of months . she is really cool and she is driving over here this weekend . eos
bos then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat . eos
bos congratulations , vivian . you won the grand prize , again . eos
bos not only that ! eos
bos ok , ok . i will whisper it to you , but you have to promise not to tell anyone ! eos
bos of course i am pale . it is just now the beginning of spring . i do not have my summer tan yet . eos
bos time to order . balista , today i want a skinny triple latte . eos
bos balista , pull me a ristretto . eos
bos sounds like it must be just full of caffeine . i want one of those instead ! eos
bos easter's a good day for reunions . the family goes to church together . eos
bos i think i need a new notebook . eos
bos you bet there is . feast your eyes on this puppy ! eos
bos hey , lily ! you will not believe what happened in class today ! eos
bos cool ! i wish i could have been there ! eos
bos you will never guess what happened today ! i went to the doctor after work and the doctor told me . eos
bos and so i bought all these books on having kids and . eos
bos not yet . i am not finished with my research yet . eos
bos i can see that . and erica falls has lost a lot of weight . eos
bos oh , yes , it does . look , here it says that the cd-rom is built-in ! eos
bos give me a break . you do not care about the colors . you just like the hot babe on the cover . eos
bos of course . i am currently the subscriber of different fashion magazines . eos
bos here is my card . i sell used cars . a car from us is a car you can trust ! eos
bos to a historic coffeehouse . it is got a little mafia story to it . eos
bos oh , yeah , while he was eating , and he was a pretty famous don . eos
bos i used to date him . of course it was him . eos
bos yep . it is the kickoff of the barbecue season . we are invited to a grill party in the park tomorrow . eos
bos it is wonderful to be here .  . this place looks really cozy . eos
bos some of my grappa will cure your shyness . eos
bos here you go . i made up the burger patties for you . eos
bos it is still stocked , and there is plenty of ice . here you are-cheers ! eos
bos i mean , i know spring training's over , but i am just not into all that . eos
bos ok , guys . here is the plan . get the ball to the goal , and keep it away from rich and taylor ! eos
bos i spent the morning at the cemetery . i put flowers on the graves of my old war buddies . eos
bos oh , no . it looks like my computer really has caught a virus . eos
bos yes , something called george w . bush . an hour later , all i see are pictures of george w . bush in women's clothes . eos
bos there is a garage sale around the corner . eos
bos that is good to know . we will watch for crazy drivers . eos
bos it is worth it just to go and eat what the mafia eat ! the five-dollar tiramisu is a culinary orgasm . eos
bos as obnoxious as bean is , we should still try to finish this case . eos
bos those clothes do suit him better . eos
bos you know-sweeping , scrubbing , washing , drying , waxing , polishing . eos
bos you got that right . and my mom's still mad about what we did with the dishes . eos
bos i cannot seem to progress up the career ladder no matter how hard i try and i have been here for years already ! eos
bos nonsense ! the business schools measure your ability through a test called gmat . eos
bos graduate management admission test , it contains three parts eos
bos come on ! you can just walk up to a girl and say if you were a booger i 'd pick you first . eos
bos i have made up my mind . i am getting a tattoo . eos
bos on top of all that , i have heard it hurts a lot ! eos
bos yes and no . i cannot wait to go to europe , but at the same time i am terrified . eos
bos well , i have acrophobia . i have a chronic fear of flying . eos
bos i guess that explains why you are afraid of flying , but public speaking is not that bad . eos
bos well , i must confess i am a bit claustrophobic . i hate being in an elevator for more than seconds . eos
bos wow , i did not know ! it always looks so cool and easy in the movies ! eos
bos it says that i should take a vacation to someplace exotic , and that i will have a passionate summer fling ! eos
bos see ? it says that an aries is energetic and loves to socialize . eos
bos it is only the day when the world's biggest sporting event is kicking off . eos
bos i guess it will force me to converse in chinese more in class so at least i should improve a lot this semester . eos
bos here , mary , help me lay down these beach towels . eos
bos it is too deep out there and we did not bring your floatier . eos
bos melissa saw you buying the ring last month so i have had plenty of time to start planning ! eos
bos there is almost nothing left to do ! i wrote up our guest list and we will have roughly four hundred guests attending . eos
bos wow . eos
bos whatever ! alright , i will concede the silly gramophone , if you will agree that i get the silver tea set . eos
bos i had to take a picture of you standing there in that little alley , smiling and laughing in the rain . eos
bos oh jeff ! i love you too ! i am so glad we did not have to decide who keeps the motorcycle . eos
bos woo hoo ! this just might be the start of the rest of my life ! eos
bos and you know i can be charming in interviews . goodbye my penniless days ! hello salary and a career ! eos
bos uh-huh . eos
bos now that it is the new year , i have decided to turn over a new leaf . eos
bos this is my opportunity to make some small changes in the way i live my life . eos
bos pinching pennies or anything , it is just that i have been smoking since i was sixteen , and i think it is time to stop . eos
bos bill . bill ! you gotta help me ! eos
bos i have had it ! i am done working for a company that is taking me nowhere ! eos
bos i am going to write up a business plan , get some investors and start working for myself ! eos
bos so that you can move on to your strategy and implementation stage , where you will describe in detail how you will actually execute your idea . eos
bos i have been playing computer games . eos
bos man , i am freaking out ! you gotta help me ! eos
bos i think it has to do with the pills my doctor prescribed that are causing chaos on my hormones . eos
bos then they are sold on the black market . eos
bos right , but how about the story of how kfc has rows of headless chickens which are super grown in order to get bigger chickens faster ! eos
bos oh man ! i have been starving myself for days now and i have not lost an ounce ! eos
bos you do not have to starve yourself to lose weight . i think that is where you are going wrong . eos
bos not really . you should try to not eat foods high in calories , salts or saturated fats . stay away from oily food and artificial flavors . eos
bos you can have steamed veggies or increase your protein intake found in chicken or fish . eos
bos we are a society that is always on the go , not because we have to , but because we want to . eos
bos i do not agree , but anyways , i think you should start thinking of a new year's resolution yourself . eos
bos well then maybe you should resolve to sticking to your goals and objectives . eos
bos i know it is so exciting ! a new year is always like a clean slate . fresh start to accomplish any dreams , objectives and goals . eos
bos exactly . i am too excited for christmas morning . also , i thought i heard santa . eos
bos hmm . well i know that santa will not come down the chimney with you hiding behind the tree , spying on him ! eos
bos o-k . eos
bos it says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months ! eos
bos hey michelle , jump in quick . it is pouring out there ! eos
bos we just do not have the money ! eos
bos honey , i will be right back ! eos
bos i told you already ! i am going to get my nails done . eos
bos well , first of all , i like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . you should come with me ! eos
bos no , i wish i was ! i just got back from spain actually . eos
bos well you know , it is a time to get together with all your family and be thankful for everything ! eos
bos once in the new world , they befriended an native named squanto , who taught them how to harvest food from the area such as corn . eos
bos well , sometimes i think of how things could have turned out if i had done things a little differently . eos
bos you should have seen the t . v . show that was on last night , the topic it covered was really interesting , animal rights . eos
bos i am forming a music band . eos
bos now that i know how to play well , i would like to form a rock band . eos
bos ok . i will talk to you later . bye eos
bos next time i am picking the film , because i do not want to end up seeing a chick flick . eos
bos well he is more of a man than you are at least he appreciates love stories . eos
bos do not criticize mario or else i will start on those fat , drunk friends of yours , they are no saints . eos
bos you are the type of guy that any woman would kill for ! eos
bos hey man ! everything is just groovy baby ! eos
bos he was low on bread , but sherry paid for everything . eos
bos no , that is may fifth in spanish , james , no wonder you are failing my spanish class . no , may first is international workers'day . eos
bos they passed a resolution stating that eight hours would constitute a legal day's work . and , on may first , the resolution took effect . eos
bos a mass meeting was called for the next day to protest the brutality . eos
bos my dad will freak out if i even mention a trip like that ! eos
bos yeah , yeah , but today's lesson was all about the creation of the universe . eos
bos that is no better than atlas carrying the globe on his back or african myths about turtles and stuff . eos
bos what would it be expanding from ? well , the big bang . duh ! eos
bos hi ! crenshaw and hawthorne , at the holiday inn that is on that corner . eos
bos from china . eos
bos it is fine . i am actually from mexico . i was in china on a business trip , visiting some local companies that manufacture bathroom products . eos
bos do not get me wrong ! it is just that you seem so young and already doing business overseas ! eos
bos i am years old and was born and raised here in the good old u . s of a , although i have some colombian heritage . eos
bos you know , i think you are awesome . eos
bos baby , i love you so much . eos
bos things doing great ! it is funny running into you like this . smell well , just last week i ran into matt as well . eos
bos he is doing well . we went out for a couple of beers and the funniest thing happened . eos
bos he started freaking out , and screaming . eos
bos he is such a handsome guy . he gets his looks from his mother of course ! eos
bos well , actually , we had a fantastic time last night . he was . amazing ! eos
bos , he is quite tall , around ' , he is in his early thirties , and he is got the most beautiful dark brown eyes . eos
bos david is a junior investment banker at fortune bank , so he is got a great career path ahead of him ! eos
bos yeah , about minutes ago . eos
bos that was a great shot ! a three pointer , yeah ! eos
bos oh , hey . eos
bos we should definitely meet up again and continue our discussion . eos
bos i just hope the priest makes it quick . i am starving . i hope the food's good at the reception . eos
bos yes , if that is all right for you . eos
bos i have got some bad news about the bike you lent me . eos
bos i fell on the way to school , and your bike got scratched . i am really sorry . eos
bos it will be a rock and roll band probably . he is a very good guitarist . eos
bos yes . my car is having problems . eos
bos it will not start . eos
bos no problem . eos
bos hello , kevin . i hate to do this , but i have to cancel our appointment . eos
bos around six pm . eos
bos well , rose . eos
bos yes , i have nothing to do . eos
bos i would like to call on you this weekend . i just want to a drop in for a chat . eos
bos research suggest that it makes your brain more active . students who listen to classical music while studying perform better . eos
bos at the moment , the exchange rate is very favorable , so she should try to go as soon as possible , while it is cheaper . eos
bos they did . he inherited the money from an uncle . i hope he does not lose a lot of it in taxed to the government . eos
bos i had some good financial news yesterday too . eos
bos i think it was very nice for my boss to show his appreciation in that way . eos
bos there must have been some good news in the newspaper . i cannot believe that none of the news stories make you happy or excited . eos
bos no , i just started working here at ibm , i am assigned sale department . eos
bos he such a nice boss , i like working for him . eos
bos oh , god . it is late . i am afraid i have to leave . eos
bos hi , martin . i have been looking for you all morning . eos
bos i want to say goodbye . i am leaving for america tomorrow . eos
bos i want to say goodbye to everyone . eos
bos that is the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter , i think . eos
bos it is centimeters , so the circumference should be . centimeters . eos
bos that means that . pounds will buy me . dollars . eos
bos so , , and are prime numbers , but is not because . eos
bos it is not very big . it is a little over half a million square kilometers . eos
bos there are about million people in my country . most of them live in the north . eos
bos yes , it is . hi , tom ! it is a real surprise to see you here . eos
bos not bad i guess . i just got back from hawaii . eos
bos i think housing is a big problem . there are thousands of homeless people on the streets . eos
bos it also means that people sometimes fight over the famp land that remains . damaging the environment actually leads to conflict between people . eos
bos it is in mine too . the biggest issue is water . the climate is dry and so water conservation is very important . eos
bos winters are short , but cold , wet , and windy . i love the summers in my city , but i hate the wintertime . eos
bos thunderstorms make the air fresh again , so most people do not mind then . eos
bos spring and autumn are both very short-sometimes just a few weeks each . the weather is very changeable then-just like spring in your city . eos
bos the summer temperature usually often reaches about or in my city . the rain falls mostly in the winter . and we often get snow . eos
bos the streets are often icing in the morning . with high such temperatures you must get some thunderstorms . eos
bos yes , they are like i said we have thunderstorms . but each one usually last a few hours . then the skys are clear again . eos
bos this is the world's largest sports stadium . it is a massive oval . eos
bos it says here that it is mainly used for big football matches and athletics meetings . eos
bos often go for walks , but i either play sports outside-you know , tennis or badminton-or just sit in the sunshine and read a good book . eos
bos yes . i like wearing shorts in summer . my legs would freeze ! eos
bos i usually do some exercise when i get up . eos
bos i usually have cereal , but sometimes i cook a traditional english breakfast . eos
bos i always drive to the big supermarket in the city center . it takes about minutes to drive there . eos
bos there is a massive forest fire in australia . it covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers . eos
bos the drought in africa is causing starvation . millions of people have migrated to try and find food . eos
bos several countries have sent soldiers to distribute food and medical supplies . refugee camps have been set up across the region . eos
bos the iranians are dealing with it on their own . they have purchased some special equipment to find people buried under rubble . eos
bos yes , it is . my country is famous for having that natural resources . we also have a lot of natural gas . eos
bos i see . that is probably a good idea . too many forest are being destroyed . eos
bos we export some coal to european countries , but our biggest exports is copper , which we export to europe , north america , and china . eos
bos most people like football . more boys like football than girls . a few girls play it really well . some people like playing basketball . eos
bos i am very pleased with their performances . timmy can cover the meters in seconds . that is very fast for a kid his age . eos
bos jimmy's very good at the high jump . he can jump over two meters . again , that is fine for someone his age . eos
bos the longest race we run is the meters . a few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes . eos
bos the tall one ? sure , that is drive , he works with lily . eos
bos i am not sure , he is a manager i think . eos
bos i am afraid i cannot go to the pictures with you tomorrow . eos
bos of course not . i am afraid of them . eos
bos it is reported that the temperature is going to drop dramatically tonight . eos
bos i like orange better . eos
bos i want to have a complete relaxation this weekend . eos
bos we have a live show of a football match this friday night . eos
bos ann invited us to dinner this saturday afternoon . eos
bos no , most of the traditional festivals of the minority nationalities are not official . eos
bos yes , such as christmas and easter . eos
bos on that day , boys are supposed to give roses to their sweethearts . eos
bos usually we have a month off . eos
bos and we are going to have summer vacation . eos
bos i am feeling wonderful . eos
bos i attend an aerobic class three times a week . eos
bos i am going to see the doctor this weekend . eos
bos there is a concert in capital theatre this sunday . eos
bos hi , francis . eos
bos not bad . it seems you are super yogurt lover . you have so many in your cart . eos
bos i go to the fitness center every weekend . eos
bos to lose some weight . eos
bos it is in the dx community , room , no . building . it is very easy to find . just ask the guard at the entrance . eos
bos i invited all the colleagues in our department and also my former neighbor , paul . he is a very good person . you should meet him . eos
bos yes , it is . eos
bos how nice of you to come ! eos
bos come on in . i am so glad you are here . we have been expecting you . eos
bos there will be a parade to celebrate national day this weekend . eos
bos i had a wonderful evening . eos
bos titanic . eos
bos front , please . eos
bos sorry . we have nothing further back . eos
bos i am told cold blood just finished its last cut . eos
bos it is hard to get tickets for the movie . eos
bos yeah , two at the tenth rows . eos
bos gone with the wind . eos
bos but i think it was not too bad . eos
bos no , it sounds wrong . he was born in the th century . eos
bos once i nearly got burnt by a cigarette . eos
bos i am afraid i cannot agree with you . eos
bos i am sorry . i do not think so . eos
bos after a rain shower , the smell of the air is refreshing . it is also a best reason for ice-cream . eos
bos i just had a quarrel with him . eos
bos that is too bad . i hate sand storms too . it can be worse than any kind of bad weather . eos
bos fine , thank you . eos
bos i do not care as long as it is a chinese restaurant . eos
bos we arrived at the park at of the clock in the morning and did not leave till of the clock in the afternoon . eos
bos hi , monica , i got big news . eos
bos not really , just take a wild guess . eos
bos oh , it is too far to walk there . we can take a bus . eos
bos it is not good for business recently . eos
bos well , flying kites is more fun to me . eos
bos so i asked him to get me the application form . lucky , my application was approved by the manager very soon . eos
bos i do not entirely agree with you . eos
bos no , we did not . last week we went to see that movie about a man's struggle against mental illness . eos
bos tom hanks is always my favorite film star . eos
bos my choice would always be tea . eos
bos yeah , i have been out of town . eos
bos ok , i guess . my boss has been on my back recently . eos
bos you know , just giving me lots to do . i am really busy right now . eos
bos yeah , but that was before the guys ask me to join the team . eos
bos i know , and i will . eos
bos yeah , i think so . oh , by the way , i need to ask you something . eos
bos he is not young as he looks . i think he is almost sixty . eos
bos my husband is betting on france . eos
bos not me . i have to have my tv and watch whatever comes on . eos
bos i do not have one single favorite , but these days i listen to a lot of chopin . eos
bos i like all kinds of stuff . i admit i love romance . eos
bos i grow a variety of things , so that something is in bloom all year round . eos
bos not too good actually , people are not spending as much as before ! eos
bos i am going on a cruise this summer . eos
bos i am not sure i will be able to , though . eos
bos i love ice cream . eos
bos i do not mind shopping for food and other daily needs . eos
bos i came to see my aunt . eos
bos pretty well . i think the boss liked my ideas . eos
bos about years , so i came here . eos
bos no , i first came here . eos
bos well , i like to play the piano . eos
bos great ! i went hiking in the mountains on saturday . eos
bos really good ! you should try it sometime . eos
bos well , i go to the gym a lot . i am a member of a gym nearby . eos
bos about three times a week if i can . eos
bos i went to france last summer . eos
bos my mother is a professor and my father is a manager . eos
bos i needed to get out of the house . my parents just went ballistic over something my older sister told them . eos
bos nothing that serious . she finally told them that she moved out of the dormitory a few months ago and has been living with her boyfriend . eos
bos that is putting it mildly . my father started shouting at my sister and my mother just glared at her . eos
bos my dad said she is too young to do this , and that she should move out right away . eos
bos three years . they have been dating since freshman year . they are even talking about marriage . eos
bos doctor butcher . eos
bos yes i do , usually . eos
bos they are even printed on the wall paper and the balls of the table-lights . it is really decorated identity . eos
bos that sounds terrible the way you describe it . but you know , not long ago i really suffered on the bus . eos
bos it was so full that i had to stand on one foot ! no kidding ! eos
bos i was afraid to put my hands down for fear of accidentally groping her . eos
bos yeah , about . eos
bos my perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . the truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation . eos
bos thank you . eos
bos yeah . i was in a hurry and i forgot my umbrella today . eos
bos and now we have a two-year-old boy . we are very happy that he is healthy and smart . eos
bos right now he speaks mostly chinese , and he can say a few english words . but he will learn . eos
bos yes , it would be my first trip overseas . actually , it is going to be my first time leaving the country . eos
bos but even if i do not get a chance to travel on my personal time , at least i can travel on company time ! eos
bos yes , it was not too hard to get . all i had to do was fill out the paperwork and pay the application fee . eos
bos maybe so , but it seems kind of strange , which the rest of us in white shirts , dark suites , and ties . eos
bos also , she is never willing to stay a little later at the office . she always leaves at pm sharp . eos
bos society is changing , but there is still a glass ceiling for women in many career tracks . eos
bos do not underestimate the good ole'boy system . men have power , so it is easier for them to stay in power . eos
bos wow . i really like california . the weather there is much better than the east coast . eos
bos just once . quite a few years ago we took the kids to disneyland on our vacation . they had a blast . eos
bos why do not you have a seat , you look like you have been on your feet all day . eos
bos about six years . eos
bos it is a great job , i can spend a lot of my time outdoors , and i also get to ski for free all season . eos
bos i mean , we all know the working conditions at the factory are quite horrendous . eos
bos and salad course , then main dishes of prime rib or cordon bleu chicken , and finish up with a delicious rich dessert of some sort . eos
bos nationwide strike today , all of the workers in our department are supporting the labor union by participating and not going in to work this week . eos
bos i am still not too jazzed about going . i feel kind of awkward in those cocktail party situations . eos
bos the teacher had a lot of experience , and i think we were all given a really good base to start with . eos
bos i think in order to have a strong team , we have all got to learn how to trust each other more . eos
bos with bill's retirement , and department realignment , we have lost about of our managerial staff . they have been dropping like flies . eos
bos would think it might be our ceo or the workers , but in fact , the stockholders control the money so they have the most power . eos
bos you know , he commutes from the suburbs . it is not easy commuting every day . we should cut him some slack . eos
bos in all , the trip's got to take more than hours . eos
bos he actually is the ceo now , or will be , as soon as the official press releases and hoopla is done with . eos
bos no kidding ! when the last ceo left , we were worried about the future of the company . eos
bos good ! they have expanded and are doing better than they were last quarter . it is nice to see some improvement for a change . eos
bos the only problem is , they may have trouble when they go to open up business here . eos
bos i will say ! sometimes they just do things really differently . but one thing i can say , they are really hospitable . eos
bos me , too . it will be great to see something light and funny for a change . i am tired of heavy drama . eos
bos just let it go . eos
bos i disagree . he was polite and informative , and he drove smoothly . one should reward good service . eos
bos i know , but it is hard for me to get used to your relatives coming to visit us , and without warning . eos
bos when i asked how people were going to dress , dr . lite said it was casual . eos
bos i wore what i consider casual - - an outfit of skirt , blouse , scarf , and medium heels . you know . eos
bos sally , i am tired of this western food . i really miss my mother's sichuan cooking . eos
bos i was caught in the heavy rain , or i would have come earlier . i am sorry i kept you waiting . eos
bos i thought we were supposed to meet here . eos
bos i am sorry . we must have misunderstood each other . eos
bos darling , i have news for you . bobby and his wife , evelyn , are going to have a baby soon . eos
bos evelyn imagines what their baby would be look like , since one parent is american and the other one is chinese . eos
bos it is still a mystery . because evelyn is only three-month pregnant . but she begins to take her maternity leave now . eos
bos nine total . seven children and my parents . eos
bos it can be hard , and there are certain sacrifices you have to make . eos
bos thanks for offering to give me a lift . i am looking forward to this party , but i did not want to go alone . eos
bos i was late getting back from the mall , but i am hurrying . eos
bos merry christmas ! eos
bos actually , i would forgotten about it . eos
bos it is all right . there are so many christians in america that everybody takes it for granted that i am christian . eos
bos mainly i will just enjoy the holiday break . eos
bos thank you for showing me your offices , mr . becker . i can see why washington bureaucrats enjoy their jobs . eos
bos many people work for the federal government their entire adult lives . government service can be a rewarding and secure career . eos
bos it is hard to keep highly trained people , so the pay and working conditions have to be attractive . eos
bos i have been away on holidays for sometime . eos
bos you must have a wonderful time . eos
bos huh ? oh , my name is laura . eos
bos at that time i could not depend on anyone taking care of the children for me . my husband seldom stayed at home . eos
bos oh , i am going to meet my girlfriend in thailand . eos
bos actually it will be my first time to meet her . eos
bos in the van . eos
bos i found the ideal position . i am working for a plumbing company . eos
bos i cannot wait to retire . eos
bos that sounds boring to me . eos
bos wow ! eos
bos but i do not watch sports or buy sports magazines . i do not have much time to do those things . eos
bos that is great ! i have heard people say that before . eos
bos it is when someone takes a look at another person's palm to tell the future . eos
bos ok , let us see , well , you have got a long life line , which is good , and the love line is strong . eos
bos say , wait , yes , it looks like you will do well in business , and your ambition will help you a lot , but . eos
bos because i want to tell you about the time that i saw a ghost . eos
bos i walked out of my room and was at the top of the stairs , when . eos
bos it was a big , green thing that looked like a person . it was in the kitchen , and it slowly moved towards the stairs . eos
bos i hid so that it could not see me . slowly it got closer and closer , until . eos
bos i just found out that my husband is cheating on me . eos
bos that is what i thought . it seems that he is been seeing someone else for about two months . eos
bos she then asked if i was his sister , and i said no , i was his wife . she hung up immediately . eos
bos yeah , he first said it was someone from work . he gave me a lame excuse , and so i pressed him on it . eos
bos he kept trying to make stupid excuses , and then broke down and admitted to a small indiscretion . eos
bos i do not understand why you always look so happy , so energetic . it seems like you have got good news everyday . eos
bos all i know is you look quite differently from other teachers . eos
bos it is true . many students do the exercise when they have to . we have p . e . once a week . eos
bos remember to be positive . sounds good to me . eos
bos bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . be careful . eos
bos but that makes thirteen people ! we cannot have thirteen people for dinner on friday ! eos
bos you know . like , say god is the creator of the universe , the bible , and jesus christ . eos
bos but i believe that we all possess , by the grace of god , the potential to create fantastic changes on this earth . eos
bos no , all religions are essentially based on the same ideals , so no one is really better . eos
bos it is a huge headache . i have no idea what i want to do . eos
bos i saw an interesting program on tv last night . it was about elderly people . eos
bos well , i have already got a job waiting for me back in my hometown . eos
bos i could not even if i wanted to . my parents told me that if i went home , then'd have to find my own place . eos
bos i wish i could , but i am busy . i am going to work at a soup kitchen tonight . eos
bos nah , it is a place where homelesspeople go to eat . eos
bos i thought i would try it once , and if i did not like it i would stop . eos
bos all we do is prepare some food , usually sandwiches and some fruit , and give it out to them at the soup kitchen . eos
bos yes , in many ways it is . there are many stereotypes i have to deal with in my daily life . eos
bos hey ! but that is not the only problem . there is also the affirmative action stigma . eos
bos i know that , but some people do not think like that . and i get problems from teachers as well . eos
bos they spend hours there , especially on weekends . eos
bos they will exchange it for the correct size or give you a refund . eos
bos sure . i love going to the mall . eos
bos she had to go to the hospital . eos
bos she passed out in class . seems she had not eaten anything in days . eos
bos well , i am from chicago . there few people take the time to get to know their neighbors . eos
bos yeah , judy . i will be working for the post office . it is not a bad job . eos
bos that is right . i report to work at am everyday , and i only get minutes for lunch . eos
bos well , the government offers its employees excellent health insurance benefits . eos
bos i am reading about michael milliken , the bond king . eos
bos we have not seen each other for how long ? almost three months ? but you look quite different now . eos
bos i cannot believe the cost of apartments in new york city . eos
bos i do not mind paying high rent to live in new york . eos
bos i enjoy watching channel . they always have films from all over the world . eos
bos i want to see all places of renown in suzhou . eos
bos channel . it shows some cable networks and no commercial interruptions . eos
bos i missed it . i watch a live show of a concert . eos
bos mom , you know that andrea and i sometimes worry about you . eos
bos it was one of the best ones available . but that did not stop them from disabling it . and on a crowded street too . eos
bos it does not matter . i just feel a little dizzy . eos
bos your muscles are a spectacle ! eos
bos five . my father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me . eos
bos hi , i am susan marshall . you can call me susan . nice to meet you . eos
bos hello this is susan . eos
bos it can help people keep fit . it has a history of over three hundred years . eos
bos now the score is in our favor . eos
bos i used to work as a teacher . eos
bos i am really tired of my job in the bank . i am thinking about changing it . eos
bos yes , but it is not so appetizing . eos
bos i have booked an air ticket to venice . eos
bos he is a hero in our town . eos
bos he was years old then . eos
bos oh , you may call him uncle , or henry . eos
bos i am going to ireland this summer . eos
bos i learned to drive and i got a driving license . eos
bos my mother works in a company as an accountant . eos
bos she is my grandma . eos
bos this is my uncle , charles . eos
bos i think he deserved his gold . eos
bos yes , all of us have naps . eos
bos well , i like others very much , but i really do not think much of this one . eos
bos i plan to buy a car this year . eos
bos i am going to graduate this summer . eos
bos you know job stress has become a very common problem these days . so we must learn to cope with it . eos
bos and then i was afraid people would look at me as a traitor for filling in his spot when the management asked me to . eos
bos it is ok . it seems we have a lot in common . eos
bos he is tall and slim , fair-haired . eos
bos i heard through the grapevine that michael probably become the new sales manager . eos
bos it was a nightmare . eos
bos we arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year . eos
bos when i finally got home , i was totally exhausted . but i found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout . eos
bos yes , that is true . eos
bos it depends . but usually it is about days . eos
bos yes , dumpling is a must . there is also other food . for example , people eat chicken for good luck . eos
bos i have got an idea . let us make this game even more interesting . eos
bos i believe there is a sitcom . eos
bos let me look in the tv guide first . eos
bos if i remember correctly , it is a quiz show . eos
bos oh , great . that is just my luck ! i hate those arty movies . eos
bos impossible ! well , i am not giving up yet . it is not over till the fat lady sings ! eos
bos here , see for yourself . that is really strange ! it is almost the same as when i . eos
bos and nobody knows who built them , right ? it is a total mystery ! eos
bos easier set than done . who should i marry ? i have no time to go on a date . eos
bos but they are so silly ! they are not art ! eos
bos james cameron , of course . eos
bos really well , thanks . eos
bos she is not bad . she is a bit bossy , but i am sure i will get used to her . eos
bos she is far better than my old boss . he did not know how to express his opinion without putting at least one other person down . eos
bos they are all pretty easy-going . it is a very friendly place to work . eos
bos i spent so much time at my old workplace that i got to know them all very well . they were like family to me . eos
bos sure . since we work together in teams , we have to get along with each other . eos
bos yes , it helps everyone to understand what we are doing from different perspectives . eos
bos i am in between jobs at the moment . eos
bos i would like to find a job with flexible hours in the it field . eos
bos yes . i am pretty out-going and friendly . eos
bos i have some . i worked in the it department at a language school for four years in spain . eos
bos yes , but not fluently . eos
bos i have sent my cv to dozens of companies but nobody has got back to me . eos
bos ok . i will take your bet , as long as the winner gets to pick the movie . what about you , nick ? eos
bos why not ! i rolled a five . the category is best pictures . eos
bos pretty well . i do not know if i will get the promotion or not , but i feel good about it . eos
bos if i get the promotion , i will be a senior engineer instead of an assistant engineer . eos
bos whenever you are given added responsibilities , you should get a promotion . eos
bos my boss . eos
bos she asked me about my ability to work in a team and what i thought a good boss should be . eos
bos i told her that i am an excellent team player and that a good boss should treat male and female employees equally . eos
bos she told me that even when i become a senior engineer , i will have to work with the assistant engineers as a team . eos
bos he is just as much trouble . that is for sure ! but , he is a lot of fun ! eos
bos i know the feeling . i am calling to let you know about this new italian place i found . it is right around the corner . eos
bos i know . it is a mix of all the latest songs . eos
bos ok , dead man . if this does not start your engine , nothing will . eos
bos no , i do not . eos
bos espresso is made with a machine that forces steam and boiling water through finely ground coffee . it is strong . eos
bos cappuccino is one-third espresso and two-thirds a mixture of steamed milk and froth . eos
bos i am the coolest high-tech stud around . eos
bos not yet . i got an mp player and a set of stereo headphones . eos
bos one called himself buddhabuyer , so i knew he meant business . i raised my bid twice , but it kept going up . eos
bos i do not know . i dropped out at . eos
bos you know all about coffee . i need your advice , so i will not look stupid when i order . eos
bos i am more worried about snipers . eos
bos sniping is when someone makes a bid at the very last minute to steal something for a bargain price . eos
bos please do not tell me you bought it . eos
bos too . your face is really oily . perfect ! eos
bos you mean your friends . i think it is cruel . eos
bos whoops . that is my pager . i had to get it for work . eos
bos you are so witty . eos
bos this watch is supposed to be worn on your left hand . eos
bos it is a camera . eos
bos not even funny , billy . this is my new snapshot sticker camera . eos
bos he completed the first double in olympic history ! eos
bos steve , i was born ready ! i am going to blow you guys off the treadmill today . eos
bos i have got a headache . eos
bos no , really . look . it is got a double time zone setting . eos
bos i had to look after my son at home . eos
bos he has a fever . eos
bos yes , i am now working in a company . eos
bos . eos
bos oh , yes , it is . eos
bos you will find out when we are in the woods and you have to go to the bathroom . eos
bos i know you love the oscars . this game has some great questions about all types of movies . eos
bos you know i am interested in teaching . i am looking for jazz students . eos
bos i know they are out there . i will find them . eos
bos no , she is wearing my chinese zodiac sign . eos
bos hello ! we are supposed to be getting back to nature . eos
bos i have been packed for a week . all my stuff is in this backpack . eos
bos that is trail mix ! eos
bos my disposable contact lenses . they are great for camping ! eos
bos you just pop'em in in the morning , take them out at night , and then throw them away . no cleaning ! eos
bos yes , flexible , aggressive and creative people are urgently needed in the marketing department . eos
bos but mine could be a lie for his job . eos
bos come on in . i am so glad you are here . we have been expecting you . eos
bos great , here are some flowers for you . i hope you like them . i was not sure if the color will suit your new apartment . eos
bos guess what ? he has just got the sack . eos
bos i am thinking about resigning from my current job . eos
bos now i finally make up my mind to leave . i have given my resignation letter to our boss last friday . eos
bos that is to say , the r d center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market . eos
bos thank you . i am very happy to have this opportunity to learn something new . you know information and knowledge in this field update very fast . eos
bos i agree . as long as the food is not too bizarre once i saw some people eating insects . that is frightening . eos
bos for which i can also save some tax . last of the list , i also consider the safety . eos
bos you know , if i can keep up my workouts , i think i have a chance in . eos
bos in gymnastics . i am pretty flexible . look ! i can even touch my toes ! eos
bos well , if not gymnastics , then mountain biking . eos
bos yes , unbelievably cheap . carlsborg is less than . eos
bos it is fashionable . eos
bos you need to make your after work time more fun . eos
bos you drink and talk . and the more you drink , the more you talk . it makes me so relaxed . eos
bos then i went up to her and said'can i buy you a drink ? ' eos
bos then i talked to her and got her number . you know what ? when you do not know what to say ? just drink . eos
bos but whenever we play , you just sit on the sand , drink beer , and watch the girls ! eos
bos after a rain shower , the smell of the air is refreshing . it is also a best reason for ice-cream . eos
bos that is too bad . i hate sand storms too . it can be worse than any kind of bad weather . eos
bos so before he left office , he told me i could come one hour later this morning . eos
bos working at weekend is something i hate to do most . eos
bos so i asked him to get me the application form . lucky , my application was approved by the manager very soon . eos
bos we arrived at the park at of the clock in the morning and did not leave till of the clock in the afternoon . eos
bos it is so busy . but anyway , i have trying my best to be a good employee . eos
bos an average ten hours or more a day according to a survey , the worst thing is that the employees get no pay for that . eos
bos i bought it . i got a watch , too . the company that sells this car has a car club . eos
bos i know girls love this kind of car . look , it is got a sunroof ! imagine . a cool , starry night . eos
bos nice . hey , i like the layout of this page . eos
bos not yet . i am not finished with my research yet . eos
bos oh , i no longer work there . i am working with a multi-national corporation . eos
bos i want to try different things before i find the one i really like . eos
bos i could handle everything pretty well in the old position , so i decided to move around and learn something new . eos
bos yes , this machine is even smaller than those before . eos
bos i think i need a new notebook . eos
bos i was born in beijing , but i spent most of my childhood in london . eos
bos i had a pretty strict upbringing , and my parents taught at an university so they have extremely high expectations for me . eos
bos i graduated from university of newcastle upon tyne with a degree in cross culture communication . eos
bos well , to start with , markweed inc . has a reputation for being one of the best employers in the field . eos
bos first of all , they have an excellent benefits package for all employees , even the maintenance staff have health and dental coverage . eos
bos a lot of the prestige the company has built is because they have attacked some high profile employees with their incentives . eos
bos you guessed right . besides , the color violet is a little girly for me . eos
bos hey , isabelle . eos
bos yes , i am the guy . eos
bos that way they look longer . eos
bos quit poaching our people , when susan resigned last week to work for the sunburst , she was our fourth employee to leave us for them . eos
bos i guess not , they have not officially introduced her to the whole staff yet , she barely started yesterday . eos
bos right now , i am still a little on the edge . i am not sure if i could convince them during the interview . eos
bos to my surprise , the manager tried to talk about the chinese poesy with me . eos
bos this time i am really going to report him for sexual harassment . eos
bos i doubt any of my male colleagues would stand for such treatment . eos
bos i have made up my mind . i am getting a tattoo . eos
bos on top of all that , i have heard it hurts a lot ! eos
bos be straightforward and organized and you are sure to be remembered . eos
bos hi , francis . eos
bos that is a matter of opinion . eos
bos we have a fairly good working relationship , but there was also a rough spot . eos
bos take my store for example . on any given day , you will find imported items from more than different countries on our shelves . eos
bos japan produces many electronic exports , germany produces excellent mechanical exports . eos
bos able to survey and track some of the information of our website users through some cookie technology , and it is surprising to see the results . eos
bos based on these findings , i am completely convinced the internet is the marketing power of the future ! eos
bos after i started selling traditional craft items on the internet last year , i have really been able to make bank doing something i love . eos
bos i am sure they have their suspicions there were only a few of the senior level layers who were privy to the case details . eos
bos i am sure there'll be canned ! and there also might be some legal consequences . eos
bos because whoever let the cat out of the bag was breaking client confidentiality . eos
bos the new webpage design is much more effective than before . i feel confident it will rope in a lot more business because of its user-friendly format . eos
bos now it is different . we got our marketing department team in on the action , and the results are smashing . eos
bos we are being bought out , and our company will be merging with our largest competitor . it is not good news at all . eos
bos five . besides my parents and me , there are my brother and sister . eos
bos . eos
bos he is not quite . eos
bos yes . eos
bos no . but i write to them often . eos
bos hi , jack . long time no see ! eos
bos just alive ? i guess you are some lucky guy . i heard you are going out with jane . eos
bos my pleasure . eos
bos he was able to get the tickets for free , and then he sold two more for me for dollars a piece . eos
bos besides , i knew you were really looking forward to watching star wars on the opening day . eos
bos it stops snowing , but there is a bit wind . eos
bos yes . i am going for a hike around the qinghai lake . eos
bos i go as much as i can . i love hiking , because you can really get in touch with nature . eos
bos sorry , i do not quite follow you . eos
bos it is exactly twelve minutes past seven . eos
bos yes . i have just come back from scotland . eos
bos i only had time to visit edinburgh . eos
bos it is fantastic . eos
bos i went to there on business . eos
bos this is my first , i only met jane last week . she and i teach at the same school . eos
bos i am in the car business . eos
bos laura . eos
bos and my father does not like it . but my mother likes it very much . so we often come here . eos
bos well , we come here almost every month . eos
bos it is my mother . she is fond of swimming . and the man beside her is my father . eos
bos yes , he had just bought a new motorcycle . eos
bos yes , i tried it and i quite liked it . eos
bos sure . but i still liked it . eos
bos no . although motorcycle is nice , i would like to buy a bicycle . eos
bos good morning mr . li eos
bos it is mild . but it is not always pleasant . eos
bos the whether in beijing is just beautiful . eos
bos yes . i can see . the summer heat is over . and the winter cold is still far away . eos
bos autumn is also very nice in washington . eos
bos no . it is not . but sometimes it slows a lot in winter . eos
bos oh . yes . sometimes it rains very heavily eos
bos that is true . many people from the south do not like the whether here . eos
bos no . i am from the north . i was born in beijing actually . eos
bos the same to you ! eos
bos thanks . you too ! eos
bos i went to play tennis in the public park . eos
bos i usually play with my school-mates . eos
bos i think it is my ankle . eos
bos one of my snow-shoes that cause on rocks . eos
bos yeah . eos
bos china . eos
bos bob ! eos
bos we can get almost anywhere rather quickly on the subway . especially at this time of a day when the traffic is heavy . eos
bos i just lost my job . my boss just told me . eos
bos i am not sure i will be able to , though . eos
bos yeah , i have been out of town . eos
bos my husband is betting on france . eos
bos is it ? i have no idea if i am so late . i must be off now . eos
bos ok , i guess . my boss has been on my back recently . eos
bos you know , just giving me lots to do . i am really busy right now . eos
bos fine , thanks . eos
bos well , last night when i returned from thetheatre i found i lost my wallet . eos
bos yes , i have already done that and they already look for it . i will leaving soon and i need my vise and identity cards badly . eos
bos i like all kinds of stuff . i admit i love romance . eos
bos you did not hear ? spain won , two to zero . eos
bos well , i like to play the piano . eos
bos that is really interesting . you have to play for me some time . eos
bos about years , so i came here . eos
bos i am a sales manager in a publishing company . eos
bos oh , mostly fiction , lots of romance , science fiction , biography , stuff like that . eos
bos well , i go to the gym a lot . i am a member of a gym nearby . eos
bos about three times a week if i can . eos
bos well , drop by if you can . eos
bos the tall one ? sure , that is drive , he works with lily . eos
bos i am not sure , he is a manager i think . eos
bos i am having a hard time at my job . eos
bos tell that to my boss . eos
bos you did not do anything but sneeze this morning , and you cannot do anything this afternoon like this . gee ! you have got a fever . eos
bos yeah , i have been working so much overtime lately . eos
bos i know , but hard work pays off . you know . eos
bos no . we will meet at my house . he invited my family to spend the weekend with his family at their villa . eos
bos no , not really . eos
bos pretty well . i think the boss liked my ideas . eos
bos i have been a secretary for two years , before that i was at university . eos
bos it is challenging , i feel i have learned a lot . eos
bos he is a worker . eos
bos hello . this is susan . eos
bos five . my father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me . eos
bos hi , i am susan marshall , you can call me susan . nice to meet you . eos
bos my name is zhang ming . nice to meet you , susan . eos
bos well , i am looking for a place to live . david thought as you are a agent . you might know something is suitable . eos
bos yes , i have got the address . eos
bos hi , jenny ! jason here . it is great to hear your voice again . eos
bos i know what you mean . eos
bos two years or so . eos
bos no , in most cases i do not have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . i work five days a week . eos
bos nothing . i am just asking . eos
bos yes . it has been a long time since the last time we met . eos
bos no . i have been visiting relatives recently . eos
bos i went to visit an uncle in san francisco . eos
bos well , i came to know a girl weeks ago and we have so much in common . eos
bos so i think i may fall in love with her . eos
bos that is what i did . eos
bos we are not seeing each other any more . eos
bos yeah . i got sick and tired of her nagging all the time . eos
bos nope . i guess something might have come up . eos
bos last week his sister was admitted to the hospital . eos
bos his sister had a car accident last week . eos
bos the world changes , the family changes too . eos
bos i do not like such a family . eos
bos well , it depends . eos
bos no , i think the music is too fast . eos
bos yes , reading is my hobby . eos
bos when i became to a teenager at middle school , i was interested in detective mystery stories . now i like reading romance stories . eos
bos oh , great ! eos
bos i like no . . eos
bos yes . in fact , i think it is much better than this week's no . . eos
bos i like it as well , but i do not think it is as good as sweet heart . eos
bos well . i do not like your lips very much . eos
bos i like it a lot . it has a very funny beginning , i think . it attracts your attention the moment you begin reading it . eos
bos i like the plot . it is so full of twists and turns . i also like the main character . she is so humorous and smart . eos
bos well , i think this star wars episode is an excellent piece of work , but not as good as the previous ones . eos
bos i thought the overall plot of the movie was very interesting , but i do not think the character development was that strong . eos
bos well , maybe . but i like the little kid who played manakin skywalker . i cannot imagine anyone else playing that role . eos
bos it is moving so slow . eos
bos it bears a great many of advantages , but also some weak points . eos
bos photograph . eos
bos olympus . eos
bos no , usually i get my films developed at a photo studio , but i make my own enlargements . eos
bos thank you . same to you . eos
bos i am so happy for them . eos
bos in fact , we are beginning to make preparations . eos
bos yeah . water pollution has for a long time been a major concern among the environmental issues . eos
bos they could generally be divided into two categories , direct and indirect contaminant sources . eos
bos yeah . they are emitted directly into urban water supplies . eos
bos yes , i am . my wife and i understand each other . eos
bos i do not know . but they say that mrs . smith wears the pants in the house . eos
bos the blacks got divorced . eos
bos mr . black has been getting a little on the side . eos
bos no , he does not . anyway , his wife found out that he has been two-timing for a long time . eos
bos well . i am breaking up with cathy . eos
bos well , no . she is just possessive and i kind of want a break . you know . for some room for myself . eos
bos i have tried , but it did not work . eos
bos hi , jenny . it is david here . eos
bos not much . my girlfriend just dumped me . eos
bos aug . eos
bos mrs . white . eos
bos maybe her uncle will . eos
bos right . red rochester will officiate at the wedding . eos
bos you are so lucky . eos
bos i am talking about dinner tonight , not a lifetime . eos
bos company ? i heard about you from linda . she said you were an octopus ! eos
bos thank you . eos
bos my dissertation . i put it somewhere last night and i cannot find it now . eos
bos yes , but there is nothing inside the drawers or on the desk . eos
bos thank you . but a number of things have been going wrong lately . eos
bos yes , i did , i thought it was a failure . eos
bos please allow me to introduce myself . my name is tom . eos
bos i did not sleep a wink last night . eos
bos he assigned me three projects . now the deadlines are near , and i still have not finished all of my projects . eos
bos i had to go get a cavity filled today . eos
bos i do not even wanna talk about it . it killed me ! eos
bos no kidding . not only cannot i stand the pain , but man . dentists are expensive . the bill is going to be humungous ! eos
bos man , they take a lot of our paycheck . eos
bos seriously . the only tax i do not mind them taking is social security . it is only a few dollars every paycheck . eos
bos he said that i have been eating too much . eos
bos we went to malaysia and thailand . eos
bos well . we went bungee jumping when we were in malaysia . eos
bos well , roughly speaking , a hacker is a computer buff . eos
bos you can say that . eos
bos they must have mixed hackers with crackers . eos
bos we are going to climb a cliff on the yangtze river . eos
bos it is a very difficult climb , because there are not many places to put your hands and feet . eos
bos we went to the coast . it is really a nice place for camping , really good time around the fire singing and dancing . eos
bos there were six of us . eos
bos i like reading novels about early america . eos
bos i guess you cannot do anything until after dark then . eos
bos i met him through a computer bulletin board . eos
bos good morning , jim ! eos
bos yes , it is . the sun is shining . there is no wind , only a pleasant breeze . eos
bos i hope so too . eos
bos it is usually a bit hotter than today . eos
bos i wonder what it is going to be like tomorrow . eos
bos yes , especially in spring . eos
bos once , when i was a child . eos
bos my car did not want to start either at first . eos
bos not in the new apartment . we have to leave the car in the parking lot . eos
bos i do . right now i have it protected up to below zero . eos
bos i would not say that . it looks fine to me . eos
bos well , you are really as out-dated as she is . eos
bos darned right i would ! eos
bos i really hope surgery can wipe out the tired feelings . eos
bos they are professors and government officials . eos
bos most of them are from america and europe . eos
bos they are attending an international conference here . eos
bos bob and i plan to play hockey in the morning . eos
bos it seems that you will have a nice day tomorrow . eos
bos of course i do . eos
bos sure . i know her elder sister sue and younger sister mary . eos
bos that sounds terrific . eos
bos sorry , mr . polly . eos
bos actually i have a passion for chinese literature . eos
bos but we are so right for each other . eos
bos oh , come on . that is no reason to do something you are not interested in . eos
bos yes . we went for a walk in the woods near the highway . eos
bos yes . farther away from the highway it was very quiet and there were birds and squirrels everywhere . we counted over twenty squirrels . eos
bos yes . eos
bos yes , i did . eos
bos yes . and he used to play the piano with a jazz group at the university . eos
bos yes , he is a millionaire in houston now . eos
bos thanks . i just got back from summer camp . eos
bos great . i got to try so many things for the first time . eos
bos interest me , rather than you turning it on a seven of the clock and you leaving it on until half-past eleven when the programmes finish . eos
bos hmm , it can just be a sort total amusement for someone and totally consuming without reallyconsidering what it is they are watching . eos
bos be more careful about which programme she wants to watch because he has time which he wants to use for other things . eos
bos no , i am not . my father smoked two packs a day for forty years . eos
bos it is broken . i just bought it yesterday , you know , it costs me . eos
bos a few months . eos
bos well , i have been going to athletic express , but i do not like it there . eos
bos oh , it is one of those places . eos
bos well , they have different rooms . i lift weights by the pool where there are not so many people . eos
bos yeah , they have all the machines , a pool , and a steam room and sauna . eos
bos yeah , i just got them . i started playing ice hockey in a community league . so , i finally got myself new skates . eos
bos yeah , you are a pretty big guy . i play goalie , myself . eos
bos believe it or not , one of the narrowest street in the world is only cm wide . eos
bos i really cannot say . both teams this year seem really good . eos
bos i went to rotes', you know , edith roth is the author of a book about moths . eos
bos i am so thirsty . eos
bos at last ! the weekend comes again ! eos
bos looking at the beautiful creatures and listening to their songs are such wonderful experiences . i feel as if i am in direct contact with nature . eos
bos not great . it is a kind of boring . eos
bos i go occasionally when there is a game on near home , but usually i watch it on tv . eos
bos of course we have . it is on the seventh day of the seventh lunar month . eos
bos no , not really . eos
bos just between you and me , i think he is lazy . eos
bos yes . i do one set of shadow-boxing every morning after i get up . eos
bos i cannot decide what i should do . eos
bos sometimes , if there is music playing . eos
bos it is ages since i went to see a film . eos
bos laura . eos
bos and my father does not like it . but my mother likes it very much . so we often come here . eos
bos well , we come here almost every month . eos
bos it is my mother . she is fond of swimming . and the man beside her is my father . eos
bos , i made a beeline over to their office , had an interview with the manager , and was told to start work the next day . eos
bos bread . eos
bos orange juice . eos
bos i think mutton is best . eos
bos i like champagne . eos
bos banana of course . eos
bos i grow a variety of things , so that something is in bloom all year round . eos
bos i have not decided yet . but i may go out . eos
bos i want to go to shanghai , but i also want to visit hainan . eos
bos i have decided to go to tasha . eos
bos my house was robbed last night and the thieves stole all my furniture . eos
bos people say that you never have a real winter in the south china , but i do not think so . eos
bos i did experience a winter with snow in kunming , the spring city . eos
bos well , speak of the devil . eos
bos i was just thinking about you the other day . eos
bos not me . i have to have my tv and watch whatever comes on . eos
bos as a matter of fact , i have . i ran into him just the other day . eos
bos not too well . he had to have four teeth pulled last week . eos
bos yes . you know i have been cooking more kind of food recently and i needed some extra space for spices and ingredients . eos
bos david took me to it last week . i thought it was a little sick . eos
bos it was entertaining in some ways . but in general i did not like it . eos
bos oh , you are too conservative . it is just realistic . eos
bos i am expected to attend a meeting of our personnel committee , and it is very important for me to be there . eos
bos i am clipping coupons . eos
bos it is a good way to save money . eos
bos much better than mine . eos
bos not really . to be honest , it is very cheap . i only spent . eos
bos yes . i bought it in johnson thrift store . eos
bos right . since my work is near a park , it is a really nice ride , too . eos
bos thanks . i finally got rid of that old nissan that got me through college . eos
bos no , it is last year's model . eos
bos it only has , miles on it , so it is like a new car . eos
bos i am glad to have had the opportunity to meet you here . eos
bos well , i have got some papers due . eos
bos hi , it is a pleasant surprise ! eos
bos you will have to buy your own ticket though . eos
bos yeah , it is pretty nice , but its so red because of air pollution . eos
bos because it rained last night . eos
bos maybe not . dust is no longer a big problem in beijing . eos
bos but the summer is not . it is scorching in the summer . eos
bos it takes a long time to learn chinese writing . eos
bos yes , i am . i am from guangzhou . i am here to study international relations . eos
bos yeah ? i guess so . i spent the weekend at beach . eos
bos some friends of my parents live out there , and they invited me there . eos
bos i could not get through a whole game before i had to sit down . eos
bos nothing eos
bos yes , i am . eos
bos i do not actually know him . eos
bos i only know him through the . you are not gonna believe this . eos
bos so i have got two tickets to the latest show but i need a little favor from you . eos
bos rock'n'roll , i guess . eos
bos i am afraid that is not my cup of tea . i just find skin-diving attracting . eos
bos i am fine . after ten years , you still look great ! eos
bos go ahead . eos
bos when he was middle aged , he became a great man , quite famous . eos
bos as a leader of police officers in charge of the whole country . eos
bos no . he retired from that . he is a senator now . eos
bos it is may st . eos
bos the usual time . half past two in the afternoon . eos
bos the usual place . in front of the treasure house . eos
bos your usual shirt and shoes . eos
bos nothing unusual , i am afraid . eos
bos hello , ellen . eos
bos hilda harris husband , henry had an accident on his way home from work . eos
bos yes . he was taken to the hospital in an ambulance . eos
bos when i come late , there is usually nothing left . eos
bos i will have the leg of lamb . eos
bos you look a bit familiar to me . i wonder if i have seen you somewhere before . eos
bos i am glad to meet you , mr . song . eos
bos oh , yes . laura's the oldest . she is a computer programmer . eos
bos she is a librarian at the public library . eos
bos christy is working as a waitress at a restaurant in paris . she is married to a french photographer . eos
bos larry drives a truck . he drives all over the country . we hardly ever seen him . eos
bos colorado . eos
bos oh , no . rocky is a pilot . eos
bos hmm hmm . you met him last summer . he is small and very smart . eos
bos look , elaine robinson and i do not get along . eos
bos and we got a thousand dollar ticket for construction workers peeing off the roof . eos
bos you are right . i was not . i hear nothing . eos
bos not a sound on the city streets , just the beat of my own heart , i think that is how it goes , something like that . eos
bos come on . eos
bos john manages to sleep like a log even when the babies are screaming at the top of their lungs . eos
bos we are on our own tonight , dad's taking mom out . eos
bos you know on a date , they are going to dinner . eos
bos yeah , they said they are reviving the old tradition . eos
bos i know , but things are getting a bit out of hand and i just cannot do nothing . eos
bos the service in there is terrible . it was the first time i ever stiffed a waiter eos
bos confusing . but not , because it is nothing . eos
bos , on my birthday , i wandered into over rooms , for a joke , sort of and he was there , and we started chatting . eos
bos oh , books , and music , how much we both love new york . harmless , harmless , meaningless . bouquets of sharpened pencils . oh . eos
bos looks like a good party , i probably know about half the people . eos
bos the one next to the telephone . eos
bos parker . eos
bos er . i am barker . eos
bos yes , with a b . eos
bos he is got laid off again . i do feel sorry for him . eos
bos yes , she is . eos
bos no , she is an english teacher . eos
bos i had a bad day yesterday . eos
bos i went to the library and lost my bag . eos
bos december the fifteenth . the day after tomorrow is little tom's birthday . eos
bos hi , jim . eos
bos he is been sick since he came back from italy . eos
bos thank you for your letter . eos
bos and i was glad to receive your letter . eos
bos i do not know . it is a rental . eos
bos that is the pump you are in front of . eos
bos well , i have the day off from work . eos
bos that is a gay bar . eos
bos i just would not be comfortable . eos
bos well . eos
bos i know i am late . i am sorry . i tried to call you to tell you , but your phone seems to be disconnected . eos
bos yes . an automatic message says your phone is not in service . eos
bos but this is terrible . i am expecting important calls . eos
bos well , the only thing you can do is tell the phone company and hope they fix it fast . eos
bos i have been thinking , and well , i think we need to start seeing other people . eos
bos you are the type of guythat any woman would kill for ! eos
bos whatever ! alright , i will concede the silly gramophone , if you will agree that i get the silver tea set . eos
bos i had to take a picture of you standing there in that little alley , smiling and laughing in the rain . eos
bos that was a great dinner . i did not know that you knew how yo cook . eos
bos ooh , that is my favorite . maybe i will have a small slice . eos
bos i will have a cup of tea . eos
bos that would be very nice . thanks . oh no . janna , i am so sorry , but i have got to go . eos
bos i just got a message from my sister saying that she is been in a car accident . i need to go pick her up . eos
bos she is on the m , near reading . eos
bos i have got my money and my keys , so i am ready . eos
bos well , i guess we would better grab our umbrellas then , as well . eos
bos ok . i will go move the car if you turn the heat on . it is a bit chilly in here . eos
bos it is beautiful . enjoy it while it lasts . it is supposed to get cold tomorrow . eos
bos that does not sound pretty . eos
bos with the cold and wet weather that we are supposed to have tomorrow , the roads are going to be rather slippery . eos
bos sorry , i am afraid that i have got plans tonight . eos
bos i am going to my parents'house for my father's birthday . eos
bos well , wish him a happy birthday for me . eos
bos i do not know about that , but i do think that it helps people relax . eos
bos to be honest , i think classical music is too complicated for me . eos
bos i see what you mean . i think that is way i like it so much . eos
bos not really . when i was little , we did not really listen to music at all . eos
bos well , when i was about years old , i started playing the piano . i think that is how it all started . eos
bos in my country , there is a time limit on the advertisements that can be shown . i think it is about six minutes per hour . eos
bos he has to catch the killer , but there is very little evidence . it is a psychological th eos
bos it was the same when i made this movie . i do not no eos
bos not at all . the feedback from audience has been great . i care about what they think more than what the critics think . eos
bos thank you very much for doing this interview . eos
bos i went a global warming rally in london . it was fantastic to be around so many people who care about the environment . eos
bos to fix the problems that we have created for ourselves , but there are lots of things we can do to prevent more damages from happening . eos
bos well , we can use public transport instead of taking our cars for a start . eos
bos also , your home should use sources of renewable energy . eos
bos yes . you should take your glass , paper , plastic , cardboard , and tin cans to a recycling center . eos
bos yes , i experienced one when i was in tokyo once . the tremors only lasted a few seconds though and then it was over . eos
bos no , but i was in quite a few tornados when i was younger . eos
bos i am from the plains of the midwest . it is a prime location for tornadoes . eos
bos actually , some of my fon best memories of my childhood were of spending time with my family in the basement waiting for the tornados to pass . eos
bos i am ok . i wish i could say the same for my friend . eos
bos he was arrested by the police for drinking and driving . eos
bos unfortunately not . he was charged with a dui when he was in university . eos
bos not much it was a minor offence back then . he got away with a fine of . eos
bos no , they were really easy on him . the problem is that that was a long time ago . they are much tougher on crime now . eos
bos well , he will definitely lose his license , pay a fine , and maybe even spend some time in jail . eos
bos i think housing is a big problem . there are thousands of homeless people on the streets . eos
bos the main character-the police invesigator-is based on the man who investigated the case . eos
bos i would love to be famous and have thousands of adoring fans . eos
bos i could do a lot of charity work , which would help a lot of people . eos
bos yes , i have been got all his albums and most of his films on dvd . i adore him . he is my idol . eos
bos yes . these posters are new . i bought them last week and put them up on my bedroom walls yesterday . eos
bos i was , but then i discovered you can find out everything for free on the internet , so i am not a member now . eos
bos of course ! i bought two copies . eos
bos all the paparazzi take photos of them wherever they go and whatever they do . they must get sick of it . eos
bos editor-in-chief heard that i had experience as an editor at another magadize and asked me if i was interested in becoming an assistant editor for him . eos
bos for the literary criticism column would be going on pregnancy leave soon and that i could be in charge of the column until she came back . eos
bos it is a monthly magazine , but my column will be shared with another columnist so my articles will be due fortnightly . eos
bos yes , but i am even more excited about getting my thoughts published again ! eos
bos i am really looking forward to reading your column . eos
bos i m really not sure . usually just one or two films look set to sweep the awards ceremony , but this year there are several contenders . eos
bos some people say that history repeats itself . eos
bos queen elizabeth i built a navy strong enough to fight off the spanish armada in . more recently , margaret thatcher transformed british eos
bos i thought i would have an early lunch and go immediately afterwards . does that sound ok to you ? bus goes directly there . eos
bos the art critic from the daily chronicle does not think much of the max oreo exhibition . he says that the artwork is uninspiring and old fashioned . eos
bos i liked it . i did not think his works were masterpieces , but the certainly were not uninspiring , in my opinion . eos
bos when i was in china , i bought some calligraphy by famous artists . you should come and see it sometime . eos
bos i have never really thought about it before . i guess it does not bother me . eos
bos than others when you want to buy something that is going to last a long time , but i do not think it always makes sense . eos
bos i do for shower items like shower gel and shampoo , but i do not for higher-end items . eos
bos to be honest , i did not really like shaun of the dead . besides , i like movies with a happy ending best . eos
bos i was thinking of seeing you , me and dupree . it is a typical hollywood blockbuster . eos
bos anne hathaway is in a new movie called becoming jane which is based on a true story about jane austen . eos
bos yes , but i did not really like the third one at all . eos
bos i thought the special effects were amazing , but i got a bit confused . the plot was too complicated for me . eos
bos there is just going to be of us tonight . eos
bos yes , i do . i am learning chinese now on the internet . eos
bos actually , many of the characters are the same or very similar in both chinese and japanese , so they are easy for me . eos
bos it will be drizzling all day today , and there is a percent chance of thunderstorms this eve eos
bos wow , i did not know ! it always looks so cool and easy in the movies ! eos
bos losses are reported to be in the billions . authorities have not yet released an official statement . eos
bos it says that i should take a vacation to someplace exotic , and that i will have a passionate summer fling ! eos
bos see ? it says that an aries is energetic and loves to socialize . eos
bos it is only the day when the world's biggest sporting event is kicking off . eos
bos sounds interesting , but soccer does not really appeal to me . eos
bos now that it is the new year , i have decided to turn over a new leaf . eos
bos this is my opportunity to make some small changes in the way i live my life . eos
bos pinching pennies or anything , it is just that i have been smoking since i was sixteen , and i think it is time to stop . eos
bos cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon . eos
bos fine , thanks . i have been busy lately . eos
bos i have been studying for my exams . my school exams will begin next month . eos
bos they are both very well , thanks . eos
bos a playpen and crib ! thanks carla ! this is just what i needed ! eos
bos i have come to say goodbye . eos
bos my mother-in-law just went into the hospital in l . a . hank and i will be flying there tonight . eos
bos i am worried , tom . i have not seen any other cars for almost an hour . eos
bos i wanted to show you the cabin . we only had another half-hour to go . eos
bos i have heard that when this happens , it is important to save energy . eos
bos we cannot just let the car run and run . if we do , it will die soon . then we will freeze . eos
bos i wish we had not come up here . now we will probably be here for days . eos
bos there is a tornado warning on . my mother just told me she heard it on the radio . eos
bos it means that a tornado has been seen somewhere in the area . eos
bos if we hear something like a loud train coming , then we have to go in the basement . eos
bos that is what tornadoes sound like . they sound like trains . they are very loud . eos
bos some can move across the ground at miles an hour . that is very fast . others are not so fast . eos
bos it was very interesting to watch . but it was heading toward my friend's house . so i quickly called them on the phone . eos
bos no , it did not . but they are glad i called them . eos
bos they had no idea a tornado was coming toward their house . if it had hit them , they could have all been killed . eos
bos ok , that is fine . bye . eos
bos that is it , my lease is up . i have to move . eos
bos i am forming a music band . eos
bos now that i know how to play well , i would like to form a rock band . eos
bos well , sometimes i think of how things could have turned out if i had done things a little differently . eos
bos i have been playing computer games . eos
bos it is awesome . it is a multi player game where you can go online and compete against players from all over the world . eos
bos good , because my friend wendy is getting married and i am organizing her party ! eos
bos my dad will freak out if i even mention a trip like that ! eos
bos when you are about to capture another piece , it can move one space diagonally . eos
bos this is called the knight , it is a very important piece so it is best to not let your opponent capture it . eos
bos hey man ! everything is just groovy baby ! eos
bos yeah . i know . eos
bos baby , i love you so much . eos
bos hi ! crenshaw and hawthorne , at the holiday inn that is on that corner . eos
bos from china . eos
bos it is fine . i am actually from mexico . i was in china on a business trip , visiting some local companies that manufacture bathroom products . eos
bos do not get me wrong ! it is just that you seem so young and already doing business overseas ! eos
bos i am years old and was born and raised here in the good old u . s of a , although i have some colombian heritage . eos
bos i made a reservation just for the two of us . i thought we could have an quiet evening all to ourselves . eos
bos are you serious ? we have been friends for years ! we cannot just change that overnight ! eos
bos nice to meet you . eos
bos that is okay . do not worry . it is important not to push yourself . especially not at the beginning . eos
bos i am going over to the gym . i want to do some running . eos
bos and i would like to do some weight training . they have decent equipment at that gym . eos
bos it sounds like a good plan to me . i am still . i mean . eos
bos i am kind of nervous . eos
bos yes . we are kind and welcoming people . it is not a secret society or something like that . eos
bos there is a songbook . all the words are in the songbook . many people have to read the words . eos
bos only after someone joins the church , then they go up for the eucharist . eos
bos i am worried about the meeting this morning . eos
bos i am afraid i was too rude . eos
bos i understand . but really you were not rude at all . you said what you thought . i think he appreciates that . eos
bos but i am new here , and i am not sure he is used to that . eos
bos no , really . i can only hear a little accent . eos
bos well , yes . actually , i am going back to visit . eos
bos really ! you live in taiwan ! eos
bos so this is the second time i am going back to states . i go back once a year to visit my family . eos
bos so it looks like we start selling in the u . s . next year . eos
bos but even if he hires an american , i will probably be transferred to our american office . eos
bos we are not sure yet . maybe l . a . i think l . a . would be the best idea . eos
bos i would love to be part of the team . eos
bos and then there is the problem of quality . how do we convince american buyers that our quality is good ? eos
bos she is in art school . i have never been to new york before . i am kind of scared . eos
bos yes , i am not really scared . maybe only a little . eos
bos that is fine ! do not worry about it ! eos
bos relax , it was just a goat ! eos
bos it is just the cows that are grazing over there . we can milk them later . eos
bos we are a society that is always on the go , not because we have to , but because we want to . eos
bos i have got my entire life ahead of me , adventures waiting ! i cannot settle down yet ! eos
bos you are in america now , my british friend . we just call it football . eos
bos yeah , he tackled him so hard his helmet came off . eos
bos i guess he hit him too hard the referee just called a penalty on the home team . eos
bos well , here we go again . eos
bos wow ! i cannot believe i am standing here ! eos
bos there are tons of other paintings that i think are better . eos
bos yeah , cal ripen just hit a home run . eos
bos well it was to , but ripen's home run made it to since another player was on first base . eos
bos , so he does not slam , as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it is still amazing . eos
bos we are going to climb a cliff on the colorado river . eos
bos it is a very difficult climb because there are not many places to put your hands and feet . eos
bos awesome , we went to australia and new zealand . eos
bos well , we went bungee jumping when we were in australia . eos
bos yeah , i am going for a hike in the southern rocky mountains . eos
bos i go as much as i can . i love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature . eos
bos that is my index finger ! eos
bos i never understand why these shops have so much liquor . eos
bos well , it is because in most countries liquor has a higher tax on it . eos
bos well , it is different in different countries . but it is because of the high tax that buying liquor duty-free is such a good deal . eos
bos so if people want to buy it , the government thinks it has the right to tax it . eos
bos i could not even stand on it and hold the sail . i probably fell down fifty times . eos
bos yes , it was really stupid . eos
bos yes . but i am not used to eating american-style breakfast . eos
bos i saw yesterday that they rent windsurfers at the beach . i want to rent one . eos
bos yes , but it takes a long time to learn . you would spend a thousand dollars to learn it on a rental windsurfer . eos
bos the guy in the blue shirt at the table by the window . eos
bos yes , it is mel gibson . eos
bos i guess you are right . eos
bos maybe dollars . eos
bos who knows ? hey , i like these jade bears here . eos
bos come on , do not be so dramatic ! i am sure everything is going to work out just fine . eos
bos well , actually , we had a fantastic time last night . he was . amazing ! eos
bos he is quite tall , around , he is in his early thirties , and he is got the most beautiful dark brown eyes . eos
bos david is a junior investment banker at fortune bank , so he is got a great career path ahead of him ! eos
bos no , fireworks are awesome ! eos
bos i was scared because . because i saw a bug . that is all . eos
bos yeah , about minutes ago . eos
bos that was a great shot ! a three pointer , yeah ! eos
bos me too . you look so beautiful tonight ! i wish this night would never end . there is something i have to tell you . eos
bos well , i guess we will just have to wait and see . eos
bos do not be mean . look here come the bridesmaids ! their dresses look beautiful ! eos
bos i just hope the priest makes it quick . i am starving . i hope the food's good at the reception . eos
bos no , maybe they are not . but they are close . eos
bos oh , hey . eos
bos oh , yes , it was very interesting . eos
bos oh , i did not actually teach in the schools . i taught after school . i taught in english institutes . eos
bos at least as far as studying is concerned . many children in taiwan go to special institutes after school . eos
bos they are very serious about learning over there . eos
bos i think it is a good thing . in america , too many parents do not pay attention . eos
bos the students often enjoyed it . and if the students enjoyed it , they learned more . so it was a good experience . eos
bos we think that asian kids are very obedient and quiet . but it is not true . there are plenty of naughty kids too . eos
bos we bought a special pass called a enrail pass . it lets people use the train wherever they want , as often as they want . eos
bos but you know what ? probably , in the future , americans will have to change . eos
bos wow ! i did not notice the time . it is almost noon . i have to get home . eos
bos there has been talk at school about canceling the concert . eos
bos it is so relaxing , taking a walk in the country . the air is so fresh and clean . eos
bos i can see a lot of advantage and disadvantage . the problem is that , for me , each advantage has its own disadvantage . eos
bos i would love to have my own farm . eos
bos the best thing to do in my city is go shopping . there are several indoor and outdoor markets , department stores and shopping malls . eos
bos cars are not permitted in several parts of city centre , especially in the main shopping areas . the public transport system is pretty good . eos
bos there are many indian , thai , and italian restaurants all over the city centre . there are many s eos
bos not rally . years ago , it was just a small insignificant village . eos
bos yes , it did . the names of those village survive as the names of parts of the city . eos
bos i have seen photos of ufos in america before , but they have all looked doctored up . eos
bos i think there must be . eos
bos the world is just far too big for that . eos
bos to find a planet that we can live on in the future so that when global warming destroys this planet , humankind will not become extinct . eos
bos recently i have got a project to deal with and do not have much time to work out . eos
bos absolutely . i can decide when and what to do all by myself . eos
bos awful . it was a complete waste of time . eos
bos somewhere new . it is a great place to pick up chicks . eos
bos oh , oh , that tears it ! i am getting out of here . eos
bos i do not know . my life is a big mess . everything is so complicated . eos
bos i have fallen in love with my boss . eos
bos no , of course not . he is still single . eos
bos wow , they really went to town on this place ! eos
bos yeah . it is hard to believe that it is been ten years since graduation . it feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas . eos
bos to be honest , i am a bit fed up . eos
bos there is a girl in my company that i really like but i always get shy when she is around . eos
bos yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc . eos
bos to be honest , i am really fed up with work at the moment . i need a break ! eos
bos i have to work on saturday all day ! i really hate my job ! eos
bos it is a quiet beach just about an hour outside of the city . eos
bos i can just use my beach towel . i love lazing around in the sun . eos
bos we have got a few . i can teach you how to surf on sunday . it will be fun ! eos
bos the one in florida is disneyworld and the one in california is disneyland , so you must have been to disneyland . eos
bos well , i have never been to either so i was thinking of going to disneyworld for my honeymoon . eos
bos congratulations ! i had no idea . eos
bos if you do not think twice about the rides and go on every ride that you can , you will have a good time . eos
bos jack and mary broke up . eos
bos jack was seeing a girl from his hometown . one day , mary saw them holding hands and ended the relationship immediately . eos
bos maybe it is for the best . they are not suitable for each other because they have nothing in common and are completely different people . eos
bos anyway , she was right to end things and she deserves better . eos
bos cars might be convenient , but they are so bad for the environment . eos
bos yes , i mean it . eos
bos i knew this would happen some day . eos
bos i do not know about that , but i do think that it helps people relax . eos
bos to be honest , i think classical music is too complicated for me . eos
bos i see what you mean . i think that is way i like it so much . eos
bos not really . when i was little , we did not really listen to music at all . eos
bos well , when i was about years old , i started playing the piano . i think that is how it all started . eos
bos i sure hope so . we have each invited about people . eos
bos do not worry . you will not be sitting there by yourself . eos
bos most people are working friday night , so it is going to start around pm . eos
bos whatever you prefer . eos
bos i have got white wine , red wine , gin and tonics , ginger ale , lemonade , orange juice , and sprite . eos
bos sorry , i am afraid that i have got plans tonight . eos
bos i am going to my parents'house for my father's birthday . eos
bos to be honest , i am a bit fed up . eos
bos a bit ? i am extremely annoyed that he did not phone me when he promised me that he would ! he is such a liar . eos
bos one hand , i really want to end it with him , but on the other hand , i do not want to be without him . eos
bos relationships can be confusing sometimes . eos
bos camping for an evening is ok , but i could not do it for much longer than one night ! eos
bos it is fantastic . my family and i are very fond of the place . eos
bos so , you must be pretty interested in photography then . eos
bos actually , i do . i took quite a few photography classes at university . eos
bos well , yesterday , i decided to face my fear of heights . eos
bos never seen a professional sorts game in a stadium because i could never get myself to walk to the top of the stairs to sit down . eos
bos it was scary , but it felt great , too . eos
bos of course i was scared . but i had an instructor that went with me and that helped . eos
bos i am impressed . eos
bos well , sometimes i get scared when i am in my apartment all by myself . eos
bos i love just about anything by prince . eos
bos i like alternative music . eos
bos to be honest , no . i am always in search of new music to listen to . eos
bos no , i can handle it . thanks anyway . eos
bos i swear , the overhead compartments on these planes just keep getting smaller and smaller ! eos
bos that movie's just a lot of noise , same as simon . eos
bos what ? i met him just before i took off from kitty's , he said he was coming . eos
bos carson . it is nice to mee you , too . eos
bos global warming is wreaking havoc everywhere . eos
bos no . i am new here . i just moved here a few months ago . eos
bos i am from texas . i was in china once , but it was a long time ago . eos
bos it is very different from chinese food , but i am getting used to it . eos
bos hey , great set of wheels . eos
bos who would not ? wow , that is out of this world . eos
bos i got rid of that clunker . this is my new one . eos
bos i think he is hot too . eos
bos not good . my cousin is driving me up the wall . eos
bos he stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help . eos
bos this is no laughing matter , nick . eos
bos no , i just check my weight , i am getting fatter . eos
bos i am not surprised . eos
bos my brother in-law just dropped in from the states . eos
bos i decided to put him up while he is here , big mistake ! eos
bos good morning ! eos
bos i feel much better , but i am still worried about something . eos
bos that is annoying , but nothing to worry about . eos
bos a school called me this morning to see if i could teach a few classes this weekend and i do not know what to do . eos
bos that is really cool ! i have always dreamed of going somewhere like tibet , seeing something unique . eos
bos i have been having a hard time sleeping lately . eos
bos not very far from here . we will fly . it is about one and a half hours . eos
bos i could go for that . but i am afraid our budget is a little tight this year . eos
bos not much . last night i met this great guy at the bar and we had such a wonderful time that we decided to meet again tonight . eos
bos i could not stop laughing at his jokes ! we have so much in common . we like the same teams , music , a eos
bos i am not sure , but as far as i know , most factory tours are free . they are sponsored by the company providing the tour . eos
bos exactly . eos
bos you are welcome . eos
bos without traffic , it takes about an hour . eos
bos yeah , and most excitingly , i met the girl living under me today . she is really nice . eos
bos man , i could tell from the moment i saw her , she is the girl of my dreams ! eos
bos i do not wanna lose before even starting . besides i think the other two american guys have also fallen for her . eos
bos not yet . but i am thinking of inviting her to dinner sometime . i know some good restaurants nearby . eos
bos it was wonderful , but i was so tired . eos
bos we went all the way to the top . there were visitors from all over the world taking photos there . eos
bos art galleries , cathedrals , statues , fountains , palaces , bistros , there is really too much to say . eos
bos i have been thinking a lot about what to give her as a parting gift , but i still have no clue . eos
bos if i had enough money , i would buy one , but i do not even have enough to buy one of their shuffle spods . eos
bos generation ipod shuffle is about the size of a park of gum and the second generation ipod shuffle is about half the size of the first . eos
bos i think it is either one or two gigs . i cannot remember . eos
bos you are right , that is not bad at all . eos
bos i got one for my birthday when they first came out , but after the battery died out , i never brought another one . eos
bos i want to buy a new camcorder for my trip this summer . eos
bos it is got an above-average battery life . it lasts up tp hours and can be charged in minutes . eos
bos yes , that is an option . eos
bos yes . i can show you examples of some footages that was taken with this camera in the dark . eos
bos it can record any sound that is within about feet of the camera . eos
bos there are models that can pick up more sound than this one , but they are much bigger and heavier than this one . eos
bos not much . i am just trying to hook up to the internet . i am having a few problems though . eos
bos i have got all the cords plugged in , but it appears that i am offline . eos
bos i hook up to the internet every day . i cannot believe i did not do that . eos
bos well , you can always block them . when i do not feel like talking to certain people online , that is what i do . eos
bos you would not believe what i got in the mail today ! eos
bos it is a letter from ray and sue in shanghai ! eos
bos it was so good to receive you letter . i sounds like you and riley are settling into your new home with ease . eos
bos ray and i look forward to seeing you in june . write soon . with love , sue . eos
bos yes , it is got wireless internet access . eos
bos yes , i guess i should try to use it . eos
bos i am surprised you do not use more of the features on your phone . eos
bos it quit working last week and i have not had a chance to buy a new one yet . eos
bos i like playing computer games , but i am not really into board games . eos
bos pretty well . i do not know if i will get the promotion or not , but i feel good about it . eos
bos if i get the promotion , i will be a senior engineer instead of an assistant engineer . eos
bos whenever you are given added responsibilities , you should get a promotion . eos
bos my boss . eos
bos she asked me about my ability to work in a team and what i thought a good boss should be . eos
bos i told her that i am an excellent team player and that a good boss should treat male and female employees equally . eos
bos she told me that even when i become a senior engineer , i will have to work with the assistant engineers as a team . eos
bos now that i have a wife and a child to support , we hardly have enough money for food and rent . eos
bos you are right ! how are you ? it is been a long time ! eos
bos i took a year off to go travelling . eos
bos i went to a small school in connecticut . it has a very good reputation for its languages department . eos
bos yes , i got a grant to study chinese . eos
bos it is , but it is very rewarding . eos
bos oh . eos
bos oh , no . we have brought your return ticket for you . i think you will find it comfortable . eos
bos oh no . the train has not been crowded at all recently . besides , you are in first-class , so you will be fine . eos
bos they have scheduled the negotiation meeting for tomorrow morning . that should give you enough time to have a quick shower . eos
bos i am . i just went to the travel agent's and picked up these brochures . eos
bos it was fantastic , but i am glad to be back ! being a tourist is really tiring ! eos
bos because it is off-season , we got a really good package deal to paris , so we went there . eos
bos i am standing next to a famous foundation in the centre of the city . eos
bos i had had enough of art galleries , cathedrals , fountains , statues , and palaces ! eos
bos we had a few coffees , watched a movie , and went for a swim in the pool at the hotel . eos
bos i know . i wonder what is keeping him . eos
bos that is true . but i have a low opinion of those women who go out with foreigners . eos
bos i would not say that is totally true . i have met many happy intercultural couples . eos
bos or because they are less attractive to to chinese men . eos
bos you know , usually the woman is in her thirties and she is a left girl . eos
bos not yet . but i wonder if i can get my parents'consent . eos
bos i used to have the same problem when i was with my ex . eos
bos i just let it go and continued dating with my korean boyfriend . but finally we broke up . eos
bos simple . we had personality clashes and there were too many cultural differences . eos
bos hi , betty ! eos
bos pretty good . my colleagues seem alright . so far everything is great . eos
bos great . my family came to visit me . eos
bos i have a small family . they are my parents , my younger brother and me . eos
bos yes , it did . but my parents are ethnic minority people . it is a preferential policy for an ethnic minority family to have two children . eos
bos before he was born , i used to be the only child and always dreamed that i would have a younger sister or brother one da eos
bos sure , i am a total internet junkie , i cannot survive without internet . eos
bos just after am . eos
bos i have an offer to work for a company in your city today ? eos
bos what a confidence ! i always watch a lot of movies , too . eos
bos sure . i enjoy both of them very much . eos
bos once in a while , i suppose , i usually rent movies at movie salon . eos
bos it is a movie rental store in my neighborhood . i have got a membership there . eos
bos yes , you can find almost all new releases there . eos
bos hello , jason , there is going to be a screening of final destination at our campus cinema tomorrow . i plan to go to see it . eos
bos that is funny , i did not know a big fellow like you could be so soft and timid on the inside . eos
bos the notebook is this type of movie . eos
bos our company is going to do some cutbacks soon . eos
bos he is involved with the boss's sister in-law . and you know how whipped our boss is . eos
bos you dance beautifully too . eos
bos it is hard to say . it depends . but i love the waltz . eos
bos i really admire you , diana . eos
bos i work very hard and that is it , you know , practice makes perfect . eos
bos my iq score is slightly above average . eos
bos nice to meet you too . eos
bos to be honest , i would not . eos
bos not really . but it has puzzled me for a long time . eos
bos i have , actually i have always wanted to build my dream home myself . eos
bos well , it would be spacious and located next to a park , because a nice view is important to me . eos
bos i would also want a large living room and kitchen connected t eos
bos i would have one guest bathroom in the basement , one attached to the main bedroom , and one upstairs , so a total of three . eos
bos have a few vases on the mantel piece and some pictures of my family on the walls , but other than that , most things would b eos
bos cheese . eos
bos thanks . eos
bos yes , i went there once last summer . eos
bos the only thing i did not enjoy was the subway . eos
bos fine , thank you , sir . it is nice to see you again . eos
bos i am fine . i have been out of town . i just got back . eos
bos it is got to be almost a year now . eos
bos i have been looking for a place to live recently . my lease runs out next month and i do not want to renew it . eos
bos not yet . i am still looking through the classifieds . wish me luck . eos
bos it is furnished two bedroom flat in a three-story building on campus . eos
bos but , the rent is much cheaper than private housing , so it is worth it . eos
bos no , but we do have to pay months rent in months , so for the first months we pay month's rent each month . eos
bos besides , students do not have to pay council tax , so we are saving quite bit of money by living here . eos
bos that is the bad thing---the contract ends in june , so we will have to find a new apartment soon . eos
bos we did , but since she started her new job , all she does is hang out with her new friends from work . eos
bos it was not actually that expensive . eos
bos they could not afford to fly out to see us , and we could not afford to fly out to see them , so they understood . eos
bos some people spend ridiculous amounts of money on extravagant wedding receptions , but we agreed t eos
bos we waited until our one-year anniversary to go on our honeymoon to africa . eos
bos it is ok . it seems we have a lot in common . eos
bos he is tall and slim , fair-haired . eos
bos he is a nice guy and very considerate . i was impressed with how smart he was and he has a great sense of humor . eos
bos maybe he is busy with his work . just wait and try not to think about it too much ! eos
bos thanks . this is my power suit . i have a dinner date tonight . eos
bos she is a friend of amy . we met at amy's birthday party . eos
bos sure it will . oh , no , it is seven fifteen already . i am going to be late for my date . eos
bos absolutely not ! he is a cheater . i will never talk to him again . i am over with him . he is history ! eos
bos a guy i met on the internet three month ago . eos
bos yes , i am the guy . eos
bos hang on a second . hear me out , just this once , isabella ! eos
bos waiting for someone . eos
bos you are right . he is so funny and i think i am in love with him . eos
bos i know , but i keep thinking of him every day . and i get really depressed when he is not online . eos
bos well , this might be silly . but i just cannot get him off my mind . and i cannot help missing him . eos
bos i do not think dieting is good for you . it is much better to eat a balanced diet and to never get overweight to begin with ! eos
bos they do not have to cut out fattening foods altogether , though . eos
bos as long as they are exercising and eating mostly healthy foods , there is nothing wrong with having a small desert . eos
bos if you want to lose weight and you cannot stop drinking soda , try eos
bos vitamins are good as a supplement , but they do not do much good if you do not have a well-balanced diet to start . eos
bos i feel absolutely horrible . my temperature is degrees celsius , and i have got a headache and a runny nose . eos
bos yes , for the most part . it does not feel as bad as my other ailments , anyway . eos
bos no , the burn ointment seemed to take effect right away . i think it is already healed . eos
bos i scalded on the hot coffee a few days ago . eos
bos no , but i am sure i will get better soon . eos
bos i took the red ones just before lunch and the white ones just after lunch . eos
bos i do not know . it looks a bit red , but i am sure it is nothing . eos
bos hey ayden , i was wondering if you could do me a favor . eos
bos now , i always take public transportation . eos
bos i have got cousins on my mom's side and cousins on my dad's side . eos
bos not spend as much time with them as i used to , so i do not know my younger cousins as well as the older ones . eos
bos it is definitely my mother . and , her mother is definitely the matriarch of the bigger family . eos
bos actually , i popped in them last night . eos
bos well , they are really beautiful people . eos
bos anyway , that is not what i meant by beautiful . eos
bos the house itself has about ten different rooms that are all hooked up to computers so you can get things done in each room through eos
bos hire one or two people to clean all the rooms in the house , plus a few people to take care of the gardens , and pro eos
bos my dream home is actually just a small cottage in a quite village in england . eos
bos old homes are great because they have got character . i think that is important . eos
bos no , that is just because i do not have enough money to buy new cloths all the time ! eos
bos it is the new neighbor . i hate her guts . eos
bos she made another white crack about my clothes . eos
bos there are people in my family . eos
bos people . eos
bos all the students read easy storybooks during their second year of studying english . eos
bos everything's great . i have just returned from my office . eos
bos sure i am . i work for myself , but i have rented a virtual office at an office building in the downtown area . eos
bos i pay the rent and share office services with others in the same building . eos
bos a separated office , internet access , phone services , fax services , mail courier services , and almost everything you have in a conventional office . eos
bos sure . we love each other and take care of each other . eos
bos my grandpa is president , and grandma is vice-president . my parents , uncles and aunts try to arrive at a consensus on important questions . eos
bos i have been learning japanese every evening . eos
bos yes , i did . eos
bos what a pity . it was quite exciting . both teams played very well . eos
bos it was quite good . but . i missed the beginning of it because i had to eat first . eos
bos good morning , sue . eos
bos hi ! yes , it is been a long time . i am really glad to see you . eos
bos now i see , you must be suffering from discomgoogolation . eos
bos sure i am . i have been writing a blog for almost three years . eos
bos i began blogging when i first went to the us for my graduate strides . eos
bos sometimes , i will post my pictures on my blog so my family an eos
bos may add several new entries in a week , and if i have got nothing to share , i may leave my blog untouched for weeks . eos
bos addiction ? checking emails and text messages often can be called an addiction ? no way ! eos
bos absolutely . eos
bos yeah , it is a must . otherwise , i may miss important phone calls and text messages . eos
bos no , they have a big new fancy house . eos
bos yes , he does . he is a science fiction writer . eos
bos afraid so . the more the better . eos
bos and they have got a cook and housekeeper . mona used to be an actress , she likes to spend a lot of money . eos
bos no . they want children but no luck yet . eos
bos jim likes to travel around the world . that is expensive ! so he tries to make a lot of money . eos
bos oh , yes ! i completely forgot about it . eos
bos you know , it is ok for a girl to forget these big days , but for a guy , to do that is unforgivable . eos
bos i know . however , jazz always annoys me . i really do not enjoy music in a movie . eos
bos give it to me . how wonderful ! he is coming to visit us . eos
bos he is coming by car on the twenty-fourth . he is staying from thetwenty-fourth to the twenty-sixth . eos
bos no , he is coming with aunt cynthia and the girls . eos
bos your cousin fay is fifteen . rosemary is older than fay . she is seventeen . eos
bos i am glad we live in a small town . eos
bos because the houses look so nice at christmas time . eos
bos yes , i played with tony and john . eos
bos we all went swimming . eos
bos no , we are not . we are going to help mr smith to plant some flowers . eos
bos would you ? i would not . eos
bos one thing's certain . if i had a lot of money , i would not work any more . eos
bos as i said , i would go round the world . eos
bos it does not sound very exciting . eos
bos to get a rise and you have not the money for a mink coat , so let us come down to earth and have another drink . eos
bos i am going to stay in the city . eos
bos in the evening , i will read books . on weekends , i will go to the beach with my family . eos
bos i am going to camp . i have gone to camp for four summers . eos
bos that sounds wonderful . eos
bos yes , i am . eos
bos i am going to be a clerk . eos
bos i want to be a vet . eos
bos a vet-a veterinary surgeon . eos
bos in driving the lane and shooting jumpers , but what really makes him formidable is his ability to switch up and dribble with his left hand . eos
bos he is just so-so in crashing the boards . usually he plays shooting guard . rebounding might not be his strong suit . eos
bos who would not ! my friend lee went so far as to get an autograph from him . eos
bos then he does his homework after tea . it often takes him a couple of hours to finish eos
bos school , you mean ? yes , he does . he likes his teachers , and that always makes difference . eos
bos no , he walks . he likes walking . he meets some of his friends at the corner another go together . eos
bos hi , andy . eos
bos i did not sleep much last night . i really feel bad . it was a crazy night . eos
bos they began to chase me through the graveyard and shouted that they wanted my blood . eos
bos he appeals to the fans thanks to two things eos
bos avril lavigen ! eos
bos she is actually very talented . she is a song writer and fashion and fashion designer , too . eos
bos yes , though i do not think her acting skills are that great . eos
bos she looked sweeter than her pictures . eos
bos good evening , mary . eos
bos commercial again . and a replay of the talk show . oh no , this show is terrible , you do not wanna watch it . eos
bos yeah , almost . but there is one thing . eos
bos i still wonder what privacy meant for chinese people . i do not mean to say that there is no privacy in china , but . eos
bos some of my chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others . eos
bos well , that is not rare . i have seen people reading at others'newspaper while taking a metro or a bus . eos
bos take this show for example , it examines american xenophobia and how it might conflict with the american dream , with hilarious results . eos
bos sure . beijingers are distinguished for their warmth and hospitality . eos
bos though , i do feel hazy about how to behave appropriately at a ch eos
bos it will be a rock and roll band probably . he is a very good guitarist . eos
bos actually , i was happy just to get the book published . winning the prize was an added bonus . eos
bos i won to spend on any books of my choice . eos
bos so do i . i do not like cats . eos
bos not really . sometimes , i even let other people make key decision for me . eos
bos i hope that i can finally find free time too . i have been so busy at work recently . eos
bos at the moment , the exchange rate is very favorable , so she should try to go as soon as possible , while it is cheaper . eos
bos they did . he inherited the money form an uncle . i hope he does not lose a lot of it in taxed to the government . eos
bos i had some good financial news yesterday too . eos
bos i think it was very nice for my boss to show his appreciation in that way . eos
bos i am very pleased with their performances . timmy can cover the meters in seconds . that is very fast for a kid his age . eos
bos jimmy's very good at the high jump . he can jump over two meters . again , that is fine for someone hi eos
bos the longest race we run is the meters . a few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes . eos
bos i usually do some exercise when i get up . eos
bos i usually have cereal , but sometimes i cook a traditional english breakfast . eos
bos i always drive to the big supermarket in the city center . it takes about eos
bos well . there was one type of plant that catches insects and eats them . eos
bos no , it is not . it is a pity , because i would like to see it in action . eos
bos most people like football . more boys like football than girls . a few girls play it really well . some people like playing basketball . eos
bos there is a massive forest fire in australia . it covers several square kilometers of land has destroyed many more square kilometers . eos
bos the drought in africa is causing starvation . millions of people have migrated to try and find food . eos
bos several countries have sent soldiers to distribute food and medical supplies . refugee camps have been set up across the region . eos
bos the iranians are dealing with it on their own . they have purchased some special equipment to find people buried u eos
bos it is in mine too . the biggest issue is water . the climate is dry and so water conservation is very important . eos
bos perhaps people should stop eating animals . we could grow more crops . eos
bos sometimes you read about people who have been cruel to pets or other animals , but those stories are rare . eos
bos winters are short , but cold , wet , and windy . i love the summers in my city , but i hate the wintertime . eos
bos thunderstorms make the air fresh again , so most people do not mind then . eos
bos we get some rain in every season , but most is in winter . in winter , it sometimes gets cold , but our wine eos
bos often go for walks , but i either play sports outside-you know , tennis or badminton-or just sit in the sunshine and read a good book . eos
bos yes . i like wearing shorts in summer . my legs would freeze ! eos
bos do not forget that horses are still used in many countries to pull ploughs and carts . eos
bos the summer temperature usually often reaches about or in my city . the rain falls mostly in the winter . and we often get snow . eos
bos the streets are often icing in the morning . with high such temperatures you must get some thunderstorms . eos
bos like i said we have thunderstorms . but each one usually only last a few hours . then the skys are clear again . eos
bos my country is well know for being very flat . there are some hills in the southeast of the country . eos
bos i thought you had been to australia too . eos
bos i think i d say norway . it has many picturesque fjords , waterfalls , and mountains . eos
bos when in rome , do as the romans do , they say . eos
bos yes , but they do it differently . everything is different . eos
bos i envy them the sun . eos
bos and a roman really ioves life . eye knows how to enjoy himself . eos
bos not always . but they like a good meal . lots of tourists go to rome just for the food , you know . eos
bos what a pity . i believe it is a very good film . eos
bos once a week . most nights i sit at home and watch telly eos
bos no , i am sorry i do not . i never read the papers till i get home . eos
bos i do not know yet . my wife's going to her mother's for a couple of weeks . she livesay the sea , you know . eos
bos yes , but i want to go to the country . eos
bos i am going to stay at home . eos
bos but i was over-tired , because i was not able to get to sleep for hours . eos
bos i do not like them . i used to take them when i had to work overtime , you know . eos
bos three every night . eos
bos america was discovered by christopher columbus in . eos
bos that is easy . it was invented by edison . eos
bos yes , is not it . eos
bos to australia . i am going to visit my uncle in brisbane for three weeks . eos
bos i once went to singapore by air . it was very exciting-but never again . eos
bos for a short time . one of the engines caught fire . eos
bos he put it out and flew back to the airport . then he asked the people at the airport where the emergency runway was . eos
bos we have got a new manager in our department . eos
bos yes , i did . eos
bos he is been with the company onlytwo years . i have been here longer . and i know more about the job , too eos
bos because i am the wrong sex , of course ! eos
bos yes , that was probably it ! it is not fair . eos
bos perhaps that had something to do with it . eos
bos i have seen photos of ufos in america before , but they have all looked doctored up . eos
bos i think there must be . eos
bos the world is just far too big for that . eos
bos to find a planet that we can live on in the future so that when global warming destroys this planet , humankind will not become extinct . eos
bos i went a global warming rally in london . it was fantastic to be around so many people who care about the environment . eos
bos to fix the problems that we have created for ourselves , but there are lots of things we can do to prevent more damages from happening . eos
bos well , we can use public transport instead of taking our cars for a start . eos
bos also , your home should use sources of renewable energy . eos
bos yes . you should take your glass , paper , plastic , cardboard , and tin cans to a recycling center . eos
bos look , bob . this is a photograph i took during my trip to australia . eos
bos they are people i met during the trip . that is the ship we traveled on . eos
bos that is right . eos
bos guess ! eos
bos that is right . i grew a beard during the trip , but i shaved it off when i came home . eos
bos hello , george . eos
bos yes , i have . eos
bos oh , i have already seen it . i saw it on television last year . it is an old film , but it is very good . eos
bos yes , i have . i was there in april . eos
bos that must be conrad reeves . eos
bos she was a famous actress when i was still a schoolgirl . eos
bos i come from england . eos
bos it is often wet in the west and sometimes warm in the south . eos
bos but she seemed to think that you were angry when she refused , and that your motives are personal and not professional . eos
bos of course not . i am just observing casual day . on fridays , the company does not require us to wear formal business attire . eos
bos we do not think so . casual days are becoming more common , and we believe employees can maintain a professional image without wearing uncomfortable clothes . eos
bos i come from greece . eos
bos it is very pleasant . eos
bos it is often windy in march . it is always warm in april and may , but it rains sometimes . eos
bos it is always hot in june , july and august . the sun shines every day . eos
bos it is always warm in september and october . it is often cold in november and it rains sometimes . eos
bos it is lf g . eos
bos ah yes , i remember now . eos
bos well , it was my car . eos
bos my wife wants to go to egypt . i would like to go there , too . we cannot make up our minds . eos
bos we may travel by sea . eos
bos i left a suitcase on the train to london the other day . eos
bos it is a small blue case and it is got a zip . there is a label on the handle with my name and address on it . eos
bos no , that is not mine . eos
bos hey ! eos
bos yes , he has . he sold it last week . eos
bos no , not yet . he is still here . he is going to move tomorrow . eos
bos he is a very nice person . we will all miss him . eos
bos last summer it was very dry , too . do not you remember ? i had to water it every day . eos
bos yes , i have nearly finished , june . i am sure we will win something this week . eos
bos then we will return home and buy a big house in the country . we will have a beautiful eos
bos though he is not the one who can get the highest score , yet , on the whole , he is comparable to the best . eos
bos i do not think so . it is impossible to equate wealth and happiness . eos
bos i am not very sure . but i know ruby is less valuable than diamond . eos
bos look ! it fits you perfectly . it looks great on you and has your name on it . eos
bos how time flies ! we have been lovers for nearly a year . we hit it off instantly . eos
bos we are doing secret santa at the office again this year . eos
bos it is probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend . nobody sticks around in the summer . eos
bos let me check . oh , oh ! it is at . eos
bos i am really lucky to do something i really love . eos
bos i usee i would say that would be moving out of my parents'house for the first time . eos
bos till i moved out of my parents'home , i became a lot more independent . eos
bos that would definitely be getting a divorce . eos
bos we just were not right for each other . eos
bos the marriage only lasted about a year . eos
bos yes , i got married to a man that i met shortly after i divorced my first husband . eos
bos oh i hope not , my first marriage was a mistake , but this one is not . eos
bos about years now . eos
bos i have a large family . i have three older sisters , my twin sister , a younger brother , and my parents . eos
bos we are identical . i mean , we look exactly the same , but we complete opposites when it comes to everything else ! eos
bos even though i do not have a blood relationship with my step-father and step-brother , i consider them to be my real family . eos
bos well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off ! eos
bos they think his dog was trying to wake him up and could not , so ended up biting him in his face . eos
bos most of his nose and chin are missing too . eos
bos he was actually quite handsome . what a shame . eos
bos i was born in london , but i spent most of my childhood in hongkong . eos
bos i had a pretty strict up-bring , and my parents and i were always fighting about it . eos
bos oh , sure . once they reached middle age , they became a lot less uptight . eos
bos me to stay in hongkong , but i decided to go back to england , i graduated from oxford university with a degree in english literature . eos
bos i am a freelance writer . i write magazine articles and fiction books eos
bos i was an english teacher for about five years , but by the time i was thirty , i decided i want a fresh challenge . eos
bos i started writing margin articles for fun , and eventually was asked to write a book , so i was pretty lucky . eos
bos they are just too expensive . besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of worl eos
bos always wanted to be an only child so that i could always do what i wanted and so that i would not ever have to share . eos
bos what do you think fo the one-child policy eos
bos on the other hand , i cannot imagine what china would be like eos
bos no . eos
bos well , she is got a beautiful face and long curly red hair . eos
bos she is fairly tall , maybe inches taller than me . eos
bos not at all . she is actually very athletic . eos
bos no , but she does wear contact lenses . eos
bos she is got a gorgeous complexion with a few freckles on her nose . eos
bos i think she has her ears pierced and she definitely has a few tattoos eos
bos it is a butterfly - everyone in her family has one . eos
bos yes , even her mom . eos
bos romantic ? i am afraid i like thrillers better . eos
bos off hand , i would say the reader's digests is my favorite . eos
bos it is instructive and inspiring . eos
bos no , it is a semimonthly . eos
bos hey , mark , long time no see . eos
bos great . i just got back from a week's vacation in thailand . eos
bos they are . and not only that the people are friendly , but also the food is delicious , not to mention cheap . eos
bos fine , thanks . i have been busy lately . eos
bos really ? good luck for them . eos
bos they are both very well , thanks . eos
bos not so bad , but kevin does have problems with his wife . eos
bos cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon . eos
bos i am just trying to complete today's crossword puzzle . whenever i get the time , i like to do the crossword puzzles in the paper . eos
bos i guess the games i like the most are the ones that i am good at ! eos
bos well , i like to play darts . whenever i go to a bar , i usually play for a few hours . eos
bos my parents used to love to play checkers and dominoes . we used to have family tournaments every weekend . eos
bos everyone in my family really enjoys playing card games . eos
bos no , i prefer to play with people i know . eos
bos to be honest , i do not really care for either one . eos
bos that makes sense . eos
bos my absolute favorite is ice hockey . eos
bos i just stayed at home and watched tv . eos
bos yes , it was a very evenly matched game . eos
bos it ended in a tie . eos
bos if barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won . eos
bos that explains it . eos
bos that was the last game before the playoffs . eos
bos you know i heard that she was opening a school for underprivileged girls in africa . eos
bos i also heard that tom cruise and katie holmes made an appearance at the oscars . eos
bos i think tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but i do not think he won anything . eos
bos if it is not the pollution , then it is the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse eos
bos it is the gradual rise in the earth's temperature . eos
bos i never really give them money because i do not want to contribute to their addictions . eos
bos i figure that if they are homeless , they are probably hungry . eos
bos it is true . the economy is in a bit of mess at the moment . eos
bos did not you hear ? he was disqualified . eos
bos if he did not have any drug problems , he would have won . eos
bos there is a great sitcom on channel that stars in about three minutes . eos
bos it is almost exactly the same . i think it is a hilarious show . eos
bos i could not agree with you more . eos
bos we have digital tv . it is amazing though---even with channels , there is often nothing on that i would want to watch ! eos
bos the actor in the lead role is fantastic . i suppose the chorus could be a bit better , though . eos
bos actually , the woman playing ophelia is a past classmate of mine . eos
bos that is only part of it . i absolutely adore this director . every play he works on turns out great . eos
bos i have never had a part in a play before , but i used to be a part of the stage crew in high school . eos
bos i once helped out with costumes , but i did not enjoy it very much . eos
bos yes , i experienced one when i was in tokyo once . the tremors only lasted a few seconds though and then it was over . eos
bos no , but i was in quite a few tornados when i was younger . eos
bos i am from the plains of the midwest . it is a prime location for tornadoes . eos
bos actually , some of my fondest memories of my childhood were of spending time with my family in the basement waiting for the tornados to pass . eos
bos well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers . eos
bos religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal . eos
bos have one , but i think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself . eos
bos this is going to sound sexist , but i do not think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children . eos
bos guess what ! i know something you do not know ! eos
bos we actually know relatively little about space and the cosmos . eos
bos i suppose we could actually live on a planet outside of the milky way . eos
bos while i think it is great that they are trying to get people to quit smoking , but i do not really care for the advertisement . eos
bos you are right , thanks . there is an interesting interview with a top director about his latest film that i want to finish . eos
bos no . i do not buy it regularly enough for it to be worthwhile . eos
bos it is almost three pounds now , and i think they are going to put the price up to four pounds soon . eos
bos yes . eos
bos for the literary criticism column would be going on pregnancy leave soon and that i could be in charge of the column until she came back . eos
bos it is a monthly magazine , but my column will be shared with another columnist so my articles will be due fortnightly . eos
bos yes , but i am even more excited about getting my thoughts published again ! eos
bos i do not have any with me , but i think i could manage to bring a free copy home for you . eos
bos i have never really thought about it before . i guess it does not bother me . eos
bos it is beautiful . enjoy it while it lasts . it is supposed to get cold tomorrow . eos
bos that does not sound pretty . eos
bos with the cold and wet weather that we are supposed to have tomorrow , the roads are going to be rather slippery . eos
bos to be honest , i did not really like shaun of the dead . besides , i like movies with a happy ending best . eos
bos i was thinking of seeing you , me and dupree . it is a typical hollywood blockbuster . eos
bos anne hathaway is in a new movie called becoming jane which is based on a true story about jane austen . eos
bos yes , but i did not really like the third one at all . eos
bos i thought the special effects were amazing , but i got a bit confused . the plot was too complicated for me . eos
bos it was good to see you here , john . eos
bos this is john . eos
bos we are through . eos
bos but they are closed today . eos
bos oh , it is the first of april , april fool's day eos
bos so i have , but i has reminded me at least one thing i need to remember . eos
bos i suggest you take them to a decent french restaurant . make sure you make a very good impression . eos
bos hey , philip ! you will not believe this ! eos
bos hi , sally ! you are talking to the proud father of a new baby girl ! eos
bos yes , mr . emory . thank you . eos
bos he is just as much trouble . that is for sure ! but , he is a lot of fun ! eos
bos thank god ! i am finished writing that service guide ! it took me forever ! eos
bos no . we broke up last month . i am taking a break from dating for a while . eos
bos yes , i am . we are thinking about getting engaged . we have been dating for over a year now . eos
bos she was right to do that . i heard the neil and tina getting married soon . eos
bos the only thing that is not ready yet is my wedding dress . eos
bos we decided not to get married in a church though . neither of us is very religious . eos
bos i also grew up in a big family . i have one older brother and three younger sisters . eos
bos he is huge ! he must go to the gym to have a well-built body like that . eos
bos we have different tastes . i like girls with short hair . i like tall girls-probably because i am so tall myself . eos
bos cindy's husband is ron . eos
bos they have two children-one son and one daughter-as well as one daughter-in-law and one son-in-law . eos
bos yes , they have three grandchildren-one girl and two boys . eos
bos yes , she gets along with them quite well . eos
bos he is a year older than keith , but he looks younger . eos
bos so , he wants to have a more active retirement . good idea ! eos
bos oh , he is fine . kids seem to grow up very quickly nowadays . eos
bos yes , i think you are right . i am thinking about having a child , but not just yet . eos
bos i had a big argument with david yesterday . i hope he is not still mad at me . eos
bos yes , but is got angry with him too quickly . he probably thought that i mistrusted him . i should not have got angry . eos
bos be hard to tell , but if you know the person fairly well , you can usually see from their expression what they are really thinking . eos
bos that seems a little impolite in such a restaurant . eos
bos i walked along the canal for a couple of miles . actually , several other people had the same idea . i saw bill . eos
bos yes . they are completely different . paul is very sociable and much more honest than his brother . eos
bos but a few people said that they could not go . so i think it should be ok ? eos
bos it certainly was a great party . it is a pity that a glass and a plate got broken and someone spilled a drink over here . eos
bos i think that she had a litter too much of the punch . eos
bos very much . the birthday cake was delicious , was not it ? emily told me that she and karen made it themselves . eos
bos we also have a larger garden , which our dog loves , of course ! eos
bos that is one of the main reason we chose that particular house . the kitchen and dining room are together . it is really large . eos
bos that is very important to us . we like to live in a home with plenty of natural light . each room has large windows . eos
bos that is the only thing we wanted , but do not have . the area is very nice and the neighbours seem friendly . eos
bos the picture are of things they want . people sign their name b eos
bos i think it is an excellent way for everyone who knows the couple to help eos
bos i know that my friend likes making her own clothes , but her current sewing machine is quite old and has some problems . eos
bos sometimes , i will look at something in a shop , but lat eos
bos my name is jeff . eos
bos really ? i think you see more traveling by train . eos
bos hi , alex ! eos
bos i just got back from london . eos
bos it was ok . there was a lot of turbulence , though . eos
bos it was hours . eos
bos yes , in paris , france . eos
bos i am ok . i am so busy ! eos
bos of course i do ! eos
bos i am studying for my chemistry exam tomorrow . eos
bos i went to the university of ohio , in america . eos
bos i got a bachelor's degree . eos
bos i majored in english and minored in chinese . eos
bos i graduated with honors i had a . . eos
bos yes . i would like to obtain a master's degree in international relations . eos
bos you look great . your make-up is perfect . eos
bos no , the one you have on looks fabulous , especially with your hair like that . eos
bos not much , just a house party with some friends . eos
bos to be honest , i do not really like doing either one , i cannot cook and i hate cleaning . eos
bos we went out to the stadium . bob had not been to a game for a few weeks . eos
bos oh , she is just fine . she is so grown up now . eos
bos i know the feeling . i am calling to let you know about this new italian place i found . it is right around the corner . eos
bos you will not believe who is been elected to do overtime on the baker account ! me ! i have already logged in hours of overtime ! eos
bos next week , it is going to be quite a shock for him ! eos
bos fine , thank you . there be five of us . the rest will be along shortly . eos
bos me , too . eos
bos anything you say , honey . eos
bos hello , three-five . eos
bos i am going to bed early . i did not have good time , and i do not really want to see you again . eos
bos only with television as my companion . in fact , in the whole week the only thing i feel like doing was watching tv . eos
bos i started with game show this morning , i really enjoy them , and even answered the most of questions correctly . eos
bos i had a rest instead , then i watched the news at channel . eos
bos well , it depends . eos
bos of course yes . eos
bos i am reading a novel , the mill on the floss , written by the famous novelist gorge alias . eos
bos it describe there are childhood and disputes cause them to separate , the book ends with them ha eos
bos not really , i would consider it easy . eos
bos i really like short stories . eos
bos the blake's got divorced . eos
bos mr . black has been getting a little around aside . eos
bos incredibly , he has many different girlfriends . starting almost right after they married years ago . eos
bos if you want , i can give you a costume , and you can be at parade too . it will be fun eos
bos my father likes to go , and i told him i will go with him . eos
bos mary looks so beautiful in the wedding gown , and i record the moment that i was bride . eos
bos i wonder why he is chosen to be the groomsman , and why mary does not marry him since he is much more attractive . eos
bos well , i do not really know , but i heard that they are having a separation for months , and filed for divorce . eos
bos masha , it seems quiet and makable , no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out . eos
bos merry christmas , jina . eos
bos yes , a very long time . eos
bos hi . mike . eos
bos hi , susan ! eos
bos yeah . what a surprise ! eos
bos i am not sure . you look familiar . eos
bos no , she is not . my girlfriend hates red . eos
bos he is the poor kid's father . eos
bos that man's really a bore to me . eos
bos he is a member of the national basketball association . eos
bos barbara ! eos
bos no , i am mary . eos
bos yes , i do . eos
bos i am guessing that she is going to give me my invite today or tomorrow . eos
bos i know , it does sound pretty awesome . eos
bos it is supposed to start at about eight . eos
bos i would have come to see you sooner , but i have been busy too . eos
bos i believe that she will give me the invitation today . eos
bos exactly , it seems like it is going to be loads of fun . eos
bos the invitation says it starts at eos
bos i stayed home because i was not feeling well . eos
bos my stomach was bothering me . eos
bos it was not all that great . eos
bos i do not think that they had their act together . they did not seem well prepared . eos
bos the service did not help the situation . eos
bos yes , and i hope that it does . eos
bos yes , but i love the night air after it rains . eos
bos i hope that it does rain . eos
bos i love most how it is at night after it rains . eos
bos hopefully it will . eos
bos i especially love the night air when it rains . eos
bos hi kara , this is mike . eos
bos oh really ? i did not know that . eos
bos i did not realize that . eos
bos nobody has told me anything about your party . eos
bos it was nice talking to you . eos
bos no good movies come to mind . eos
bos i will talk to you later . eos
bos i am going fishing in alaska with my friend , mark . eos
bos yes . i find dates to be a lot of fun . eos
bos they give me the opportunity to get to know someone better . eos
bos not always . i do not always like the person i am on the date with . eos
bos my date may not be my type . eos
bos hi kara , it is mike here . eos
bos hello , this is mike , kara . eos
bos i am throwing a party next saturday . eos
bos i had no idea . eos
bos i enjoy listening to all kinds of music . eos
bos i like to listen to rock and r b . eos
bos i like listening to different kinds of music . eos
bos i enjoy rock and r b . eos
bos i listen to various types of music . eos
bos i enjoy listening to both rock and r b . eos
bos my favorite movie is superbad . eos
bos that is true . it is a very funny movie . eos
bos yes , i saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters . eos
bos i have to say , my favorite movie is superbad . eos
bos i am going to have to say that superbad is the best movie ever . eos
bos i do it every once in a while . eos
bos i first learned how to do it in high school . eos
bos when i have time , i sometimes draw and paint . eos
bos every so often , i do . eos
bos i was taught in high school how to draw and paint . eos
bos i enjoy drawing and painting . eos
bos yes , i do . eos
bos i learned back in high school . eos
bos i really want to go to the beach this weekend . eos
bos i would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend . eos
bos the forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend . eos
bos never better , thanks . eos
bos i am attending pcc right now . eos
bos i was not feeling really well . eos
bos my stomach was upset . eos
bos i do not really feel too well yet . eos
bos i am pretty good . thanks for asking . eos
bos i have been good . i am in school right now . eos
bos i go to pcc . eos
bos i am absolutely lovely , thank you . eos
bos i started school recently . eos
bos i am going to pcc . eos
bos i was sick . eos
bos i had a stomachache . eos
bos i am still feeling under the weather . eos
bos you missed a really good game . eos
bos yeah , you should have . it was really exciting . eos
bos you should have been there . it was intense . eos
bos it was a great game . eos
bos it was a great game . eos
bos the weather this weekend is supposed to be warm . eos
bos it is okay . eos
bos that is all right . eos
bos i want to do something tomorrow with you . eos
bos no problem . eos
bos did you want to do something tomorrow ? eos
bos i got a promotion at my job . eos
bos i am so happy for you . eos
bos yes . you really deserved this . eos
bos my boss offered me a promotion , and i took it . eos
bos you have no idea how happy i am for you . eos
bos i got a promotion at work earlier this week . eos
bos i am really excited for you . eos
bos i am serious . you deserved this promotion . eos
bos our cousin went into labor and had her baby last week . eos
bos oh my god , that is great ! eos
bos that is good to hear . eos
bos thank you . i am glad that you are enjoying it . eos
bos that is a special coconut ginger chicken with rice dish . eos
bos yes , it seems that way to me also . eos
bos that is exactly what i was thinking had happened . eos
bos thank you . i am glad that everything turned out so well . eos
bos i took a cooking class at the culinary institute . eos
bos is not that great ? that is coconut ginger chicken with rice . eos
bos thanks . i was hoping that you would all enjoy this meal . eos
bos i love that dish as well . it is coconut chicken with rice . eos
bos yes , maybe they are short-handed in the kitchen tonight . eos
bos thank you . i just got this outfit the other day . eos
bos thank you . i just got these shoes today . eos
bos these are called all star chuck taylors . eos
bos she is one of the prettiest girls at the school . eos
bos well , she is quite short . eos
bos i would say she is only feet . eos
bos i think i know who you are talking about . eos
bos our total for dinner is . . eos
bos she is not too tall . eos
bos she is about feet even . eos
bos i may know which girl you are talking about . eos
bos you do ? i just bought this outfit a couple days ago . eos
bos thank you . i just bought these new shoes earlier today . eos
bos these are some chucks . eos
bos is that right ? this is a brand new outfit . eos
bos thanks . i found these new shoes earlier at the store . eos
bos these are chucks . eos
bos she is kind of short . eos
bos she is probably about five feet . eos
bos i think i might have bumped into her before . eos
bos i did not want to , so i did not . eos
bos that is a switch . eos
bos i really do not want to go by myself . eos
bos no , i did not . eos
bos i want to go to see a movie this weekend . eos
bos i do not want to go alone . eos
bos well , she will probably just give me my invitation later on today . eos
bos it really does , i cannot wait . eos
bos it starts at of the clock . eos
bos no , i did not feel like it . eos
bos no , but that was a random change of subject . eos
bos i would love to catch a movie this weekend . eos
bos i do not want to see a movie by myself . eos
bos i am fine , thanks . just trying to get adjusted . it is hard to keep track of everything around here . eos
bos not at all . i was born in madrid , but i came to the states when i was a teenager . eos
bos the waitress is bringing the bill right now . eos
bos ok , let us see what the damage is . the total for our meal is . . eos
bos let us take a look at our bill . the total price for our dinner is . . eos
bos hi ! susan ! i have not seen you for ages ! eos
bos martin . eos
bos oh , here comes our waitress with our check . eos
bos so , let us look at the check . the total is . . eos
bos we will need the reservation for tuesday night . eos
bos we would prefer eos
bos our first choice would be eos
bos thank you ! remember that they go to the vet this saturday . eos
bos i am all right , thanks . just a little tired . eos
bos i am fine . i have been out of town . i just got back . eos
bos well , i guess that is about it . everything's packed and ready to go . eos
bos hello , mr . macmillan . eos
bos i did not really like it all that much . eos
bos well , they are pretty new . i just did not feel that they were ready to open yet . eos
bos i really enjoyed the food . eos
bos actually , it could have been better . eos
bos it is a new restaurant . i do not think they have their act together yet . eos
bos i agree . the service was not good . eos
